Well, you survived week two and I am now delighted to welcome you to week three.
And week three is something that I might describe as a smorgasbord.
Do you know what a smorgasbord is?
This, this here is a smorgasbord, and I describe week three as a smorgasbord for two reasons.
One of them is that it consists of a wide range, a selection of different things to to entertain you,
a selection of sweet and savory items.
And the other reason is that it is something of a taste of several different things.
We're not going to go as deep, not as substantive in any one, but rather to give you some exposure
across the board.
And to demonstrate that, let me show you what I have in store for you this week.
We're going to start by looking at Microsoft Azure, and then we'll move on to Google Cloud Platform.
It's we're not going to go nearly as deep as we do with AWS.
But it's important as AI engineers looking to to deliver AI solutions to production that you have some
exposure to these other platforms, and we'll throw MCP into the mix just to make it a bit AI ish.
And then for the next three days, we're going very AI.
We're going to look at Amazon SageMaker.
And we're back to Amazon again back to AWS.
We'll be looking at using vectors, ingesting data with vectors and then data pipes with an agent and
MCP.
So a lot of purple a lot of AI topics to look forward to.
I've got a great week ahead for you.
So today and tomorrow we're going to be doing a project which is going to have something for everyone.
It's going to be ticking a lot of boxes.
It's going to be mostly a yellow day in that or yellow two days in that.
We're going to be looking at cloud platform engineering first and foremost.
Rapidly looking at Azure and GCP more quickly than AWS will be using Terraform to deploy so that we
don't have to go through lots of screens and consoles.
Although we will look at them, we're going to be using workspaces.
We used Terraform Workspaces last week to separate the development, test and production environments,
which is very common, and this time we're going to be using them cunningly to have the same project
deployed to Azure and GCP in two different workspaces.
Very convenient.
And we're just going to have one environment for each.
We're going to keep it simple.
And we're not going to use GitHub actions because you got the idea we did that last week.
If that's something you're really into for sure you can you can do this as part of this project as well.
So you can just do a git push while the rest of us are envious.
That's that's in your skill set now anyway.
That's the main focus.
It's yellow.
But we've also got some blue that we are going to build a juicy project.
We're going to build something called the Cyber Security Analyst.
Uh, a little project which is able to take a file of code and check it for vulnerabilities.
It's going to be a Next.js front end.
Again with the app router.
We're going to use a fast API back end.
Of course, it's going to be packaged by Terraform.
And we're going to use Docker again.
We're going to have a Docker container with both the front end and back end in it, much as we did for
the healthcare app in week one.
but there's also a bit of purple.
In the next two days.
We're going to be doing some AI work as well, but we're not going to be using the OpenAI Python client
library.
We'll be using the OpenAI agents SDK that people from my course are very familiar with, and will be
using an MCP server.
We're going to be using an MCP server to give our agent to equip it with cybersecurity skills.
And that's going to be great.
So there's some agentic AI.
There's there's a lot that we're going to be doing in the next two days.
And it really ticks all the boxes.
It's mostly yellow, but there's plenty of blue and purple in the mix to keep you entertained.
All right.
So prepare yourself for an important moment.
In this course we're going to compare the different cloud services across the three big providers AWS,
Azure and GCP.
And this you remember are the five different archetypes, the five different types of deployment Architecture
that we that we mentioned last week a traditional server.
Infrastructure as a service like Amazon EC2.
A platform as a service.
Container as a service.
Container orchestration.
And then serverless.
Function.
And if we start by talking about AWS, let me quiz you now have I think I want you to say out loud,
using that famous Udemy technology that listens to what you say and say out loud, what is each of the
AWS components for these different things?
What's the AWS component for server that we didn't actually use?
But I talked about a few times, it's perhaps the original of the Amazon components.
It is of course EC2.
Uh, what is the platform component.
So this would be like it's Vercel is a is a pass.
Uh, Amazon has one two.
We also didn't use it ourselves, but I mentioned it.
So I won't be surprised if you if you don't know it.
And it's also not that as well known as the others.
Beanstalk is their product for that.
The Container.
Now, this one you should know because we used it in week one.
The container as a service.
You package a Docker container and off it goes.
This is what we used for the healthcare SaaS app.
And this is of course App Runner.
Uh and now container orchestration.
We didn't use that.
You can be forgiven for not knowing this, but if you do know it then congratulations.
It is of course ECS or EKS, the K for Kubernetes uh, rather than container.
Uh, and uh, last but not least, definitely not least the one that is the talk of the town.
What is the the AWS function?
Yes, it is of course AWS Lambda, that is AWS roster.
And now we're going to compare it with the other providers okay.
Starting then with Azure bring Azure into the mixture.
I'm just going to show them all together.
So you you can you can compare them one on one.
The equivalent of of EC2 C2 is virtual machines.
It's actually very down to earth name uh, less to remember.
Generally, Azure's naming is nice and GCP two actually is pretty clear.
What's going on.
The, uh, the the platform, the pass is called App Service.
Uh, the container one, the one in the middle, uh, is called Azure Container Apps, also known as
ACA.
The container orchestration one for building and deploying large scalable cloud orchestration products
that is called Azure Kubernetes Service.
And then the one that is the equivalent of Lambda is called Azure Functions.
That's that's a pretty easy to remember.
And GCP actually also they don't have fancy names.
Uh, the the server, the one on the left is called Google Compute Engine.
It's sometimes called GCE Google Compute Engine.
The next one along is called Google App Engine.
So it makes sense, right?
You either got compute or app.
Uh, and yeah it's similar to Azure App Service.
The the one that is for containers running is called Cloud Run or Google or GCP cloud run.
Cloud run.
The next one is called Google Kubernetes Engine.
Although I almost always hear that just called GKE.
People just say GKE for Google Kubernetes Engine.
And then the equivalent of Lambda and Azure Functions in Google's world is called Google Cloud Functions.
Google Cloud Functions.
And I don't think I don't I don't think people give that an acronym.
I think people just say Cloud Functions and Cloud Run as well.
I don't know why, but that's what I always hear cloud run and cloud functions.
So that is the full landscape of AWS, Azure and GCP.
And when I say the full landscape, it is far from the full landscape.
All three providers have a monstrous slew of different services and names and components.
We will see a few others of them with AWS as we go.
Like SQS and a few others.
But, uh, these are these are the big five in each of the three providers.
And, uh, yeah, you don't necessarily need to commit it to memory.
You can always look it up, but it's good for you to have heard it.
And we will have some experience coming up.
So for the next two days we're going to be working with Azure and GCP.
And you may be wondering which components we're going to work with.
And the answer is the components we're going to work with are the ones in the middle.
And we're going to be working with Azure Container Apps and Google Cloud Run.
And these are you probably guessed this already from the introduction I gave before.
We're going to make a container, a Docker container.
And then we're going to deploy it to Azure and deploy it to GCP.
And typically building a container and deploying it is the simplest use case.
It's what we used in week one with the healthcare app.
Uh, when we when we put it on App Runner, it's the simplest to package up and do it.
And I wanted to give you a quick example with these other two.
It's also the one which is, once you've done it once, it's most consistent to do it across the different
providers.
Another good reason to pick this.
And typically it's what I recommend people start with first.
If you've got an Agentic app that you're looking to deploy and you're wondering, how should I go about
doing it?
What's the first way to do it?
Simplest way.
Put it in a Docker container, make sure that works locally, and then deploy the container to the cloud
using App Runner, ACA or Cloud Run.
Pretty similar between the three, and it just tends to work with that little exception about Apple
Silicon, which can catch you off guard about making sure you build the Docker container, right?
As long as you do that, it should just work.
And that's the beauty of Docker containers.
And so that is what I have in store for you now.
So look there's no time to waste.
We're going to dive straight into the lab.
I've gone back to the production repo.
The repo we began in.
And you should to open this up.
There's a week three folder on the left.
Open the preview of the single file inside it, the readme.
And this gives us our first instructions.
And that is quite simply that we're going to move to a different repo.
We're going to move to a repo called Cyber Git.
Uh, one of my repos.
You could also just go to GitHub to my page and find cyber.
And in the previous weeks, we've always built a new repo from scratch and copied and pasted into it.
This time we're going to take a preexisting repo, because this week is all about productionizing.
And so I'm going to give you like prebuilt projects that I'll talk through.
And then together we will deploy them to production.
So please bring up a terminal window.
And when that terminal comes up it typically is in the production directory, the directory for this
project.
And we don't want to be there.
We want to be in the parent directory one up.
We want to be looking at all of your projects your projects project's directory or whatever similar
directory structure you have.
And it's in here that we want to type this git clone command exactly as it is here, so that we clone
this repo into our project's directory.
So copy that, paste it in here, run that command to clone that repo.
And then once you've done that in cursor you can go to the file menu and do new window.
It pops up like this.
You then want to open a project open project.
You go into your projects and then you find cyber.
There it is.
And you open cyber just by pressing open like this.
And up comes cyber.
Here it is.
You see, I was already in there, so it was already open.
Uh, and we are now in the cyber repo.
Let's get rid of the terminal.
So you see it nice and clean and fresh.
This is going to be our playground for the next couple of days.
And let's get started now with building the cyber project.