And that was looking at the back end.
Let's just take a moment to look at the front end.
The front end is a Next.js app, of course, and it's a Next.js app.
It's got all of the folders you should be familiar with.
Actually, this time when I created it, I did use that src the source option so that it created the
app folder as it's using app router of course.
So we're looking for an app folder, not a pages folder.
And that's within a source folder here.
So it's just a small change on how we did it before last time.
These files, these these directories were immediately within front end.
This time they're under a source directory but otherwise very, very similar to what we did before.
The same kind of configuration.
Everything is already set up for you.
It's a nice, very simple app.
If it's got the same layout and pages, pages is where the action happens, by all means look through
it.
But this is it's using a few installed components.
Um, and it should just give us this very simple user interface for our cyber security researcher.
Okay, back to the instructions.
We are now going to open a terminal.
And in the terminal we are going to go into the backend directory.
Here we go.
And we are going to do UV run server dot pi.
And that is going to run our Python server.
There it goes listening on port 8000.
No Docker containers nothing like that.
This is simply a Python server.
I'm going to show you how it works without any container magic first.
We're now going to go and deploy our front end.
Let's open a new terminal.
Here it is.
We go into the front end folder.
We're going to do npm install.
This won't do anything for me, but for you it should install a bunch of packages that you haven't installed
yet.
And then npm run dev is how we start the front end.
There we go.
There is the front end.
Now one little thing to watch out for here.
You need to launch the front end with this URL localhost.
Not with this one.
Uh, just because of some cleverness about how this the front end and back end are hooked up together.
You can read more about it in the in the guide should you wish, but take my word for it, this is the
one to open up.
So I click here.
Up it comes.
And here we are looking at our Cyber Security Analyst.
And you'll notice this has got a nice fresh user interface.
It's quite clean and pleasant.
And I'd like to pretend that I did this user interface myself, but I did not.
I asked Claude Code, and Claude Code did a fabulous job.
Uh, I did need to iterate a couple of times.
Uh, it does take work to get to a good outcome, but the outcome, I think, is terrific.
And there's no way I don't have the taste to pull off a UI like this.
Anyways, I press open python file, I choose airline.py, I press open.
The contents of that file appears right here.
The analyze code button has become enabled and I can press that.
And this is now launching my agent using OpenAI agents SDK.
That is then going to launch my MCP server to connect to Semgroup.
It's only going to give one tool available to OpenAI agents SDK to to GPT for one mini.
It's going to launch that tool.
Launch Semgroup.
Connect to Semgroup.
Run an analysis on this file.
The results will come back.
It will use structured outputs to return them in a presentable format, which should appear any second
now.
And here it is.
Here's the results of our analysis.
It analyzed 2237 characters of Python code.
Semgroup found four issues, and I identified one additional issue because I did.
In fact, in the prompt, give our agent the opportunity to add something in extra.
Let's take a look through what it came up with and see if it matches what you came up with.
So the first one, which was indeed the the horrible one, is that there was a SQL injection vulnerability,
which is a classic.
I imagine you spotted that there was a something which was executing a SQL cursor which just shoved
in there the values, and it means that someone could say their city.
They could they could then put the city London and then close quotes and then put all sorts of dangerous
stuff in there.
If the the LM would be would be fooled into that then you could cause you could wreak havoc.
So that was a problem for sure.
Uh, there was, I think, an even worse one, perhaps.
Uh, it seems like maybe.
Maybe not.
Uh, there is, uh, yeah.
Okay.
Uh, more, more more issues here.
No, this is the worst one.
Good.
It did spot the really critical one.
Critical 9.8, uh, out of ten is the criticality score.
The the Cvss score associated with this one, which is that there was, in fact, something that that
evaluated an expression which could allow arbitrary code to be evaluated.
Hopefully, when you were reading through that Python file and you saw that you were like, ah ha.
So, uh, certainly, Sam grep spotted that with ease.
And then there's some of these, these, uh, lower ones, some interesting stuff.
It's seen a potential denial of service because of the way that we, uh, just, just, uh, have an
unrestricted launch of gradio rounds up the issues.
You may have a different set of issues because the ones the LM adds might be different and you could
try it with some different models, but but that's not really the point.
The idea is to show you when we're running this locally, we just run a web server with a front end.
We run our Python backend server, the front end talks to the backend, and that's spawning an MCP server,
a separate process running on my computer.
That's easy.
That is how local deployments work.
Now we want to package this up.
And so now close those two servers the front end and back end by doing control C in each of those terminals.
They both stop when you stop the back end server.
Take a look through.
You'll see a trace of the Semgroup server running and what it was doing on your computer to prove that
it was actually running.
But we're going to swiftly move on and look at Docker.
So if I start by showing you that in the top directory here we have a Docker file.
Let me open that.
Here it is.
So the Docker file actually will look quite similar to the docker file that we worked on in week one
with the healthcare app.
It actually it creates two images.
The first of them is a node image, which is just going to be used to build the front end package.
By this point, you might understand this more closely than you did in week one, perhaps.
Uh, so it does an npm run build on our front end.
Uh, and uh, this is used to build the output.
And then we create a python uh, container and we use that Python container, we install UV, we, we
get everything ready and then we do the, the the, we do this important line here which is where we
copy in to this Python Docker container.
We copy in the built front end app that was created by this first container, the front end container.
And this is the one that we then put in a health check.
We expose port 8000 and we run Uvicorn to start the server running.
That's how it all comes together.
That is our Dockerfile.
And so with that we can now make this docker file by just running.
Get a new terminal window up.
Here it comes.
Do docker minus minus version to make sure that you have docker installed.
Do docker PS to make sure that docker is running that prints any any, any running Docker containers.
So you can um, if that fails for some reason, then you should go to Docker Desktop and launch it from
your applications folder.
And then we're going to build our Docker container by running this.
So this is building the image I use.
People often do get the wrong words with image and container.
It's important to be clear on what you're doing building the image.
We've done it.
Uh, and mine was very quick because I'd already done it before.
Yours will probably take a few minutes.
2 to 5 minutes.
It says, uh, and it downloads the base images that they're built from.
It installs the dependencies, it builds the front end, and it packages it together.
You can see it caching everything, but doing it there very quickly.
Uh, and we then need to run the container.
So this is taking it from being an image into actually creating and running the container.
So this is the line what this is doing is uh this the mm.
There means that once it's finished running, once we stop it it will delete it.
So it doesn't stay hanging around.
It's going to bring it up.
It's going to be using our EMV file.
It's going to be using the cyber analyzer image.
Let's run this.
And that is bringing up a Docker container.
Right now it's it's started and it's running on this URL right here.
So I'm sure you know this.
But just to be very clear.
So this is a Docker container running on our local box.
We've done no deployments yet.
We're making sure that the project works locally first.
And it's running.
It's on our local box.
It's on port 8000.
We can bring this up and here it comes.
Look.
It looks rather different.
Sorry.
It looks rather different.
It looks the same.
Exactly the same as when we separately just ran the front end and back end server directly at our computer.
We're now running them within a Docker container.
Or if you're if you're on the ball, we're not really running a front end anymore.
We compiled the front end to a straight up static website, and we've got one backend fast API server
that served up this static website, and it looks very familiar to us.
So once more we will open up airline, we will analyze code.
And now in our Docker container we're expecting it's running the same thing just in this box within
the box rather than on our computer directly, so to speak.
Uh, and with any luck, this is going to be processing.
It's going to be going to GPT 4.1 mini.
And in just a second I will be back with the results.
And here we are.
Here are the results.
It was literally just a second after I stopped recording.
Uh, here they are.
And uh, you can see this time it says at the top SendGrid found four issues.
Again, you'd imagine it would be the same.
And I identified two additional issues.
If I remember right last time, it identified one issue.
So, uh, this this was when, uh, there's it's just because it's it's, uh, could be a bit different
each time you run it.
Uh, but, uh, this time it identified two.
And so there'll be one more, presumably low priority issue.
See if I could spot which one.
It didn't.
Oh, I think this is the detail.
Yes.
The detailed error message, the fact.
And I intentionally did put in this low priority thing to see if it would care.
I think this is the one that it only identified.
It only decided to raise this time because it's a trivial kind of problem that almost always isn't actually
a problem.
But but it mentioned it.
So, uh, these are the ones that the agent added over and above the issues that Semgroup found.
Anyways, the point was not to show you the cybersecurity analyst, although that is quite a fun commercial
project.
The point was to show you it packaged in a Docker container running on my local box, but within the
Docker container.
And if all you were going to do was run it on your local box, then there wouldn't be much of a benefit
over having the front end and back end running separately.
Of course, the benefit is that once you've packaged it into a Docker container, it is then super easy
to ship it off to a cloud platform.
And that's what we're going to do with Azure next.