And welcome to the other side.
Here we are.
The Terraform apply has completed and an Azure Container app has been deployed.
And here is its URL.
Let's command and click into here and open and up comes a cyber Security analyst.
It looks very familiar to us, but this time the only big change is the URL, which of course is showing
Azure Container apps.
All right open Python file and select airline.py and open.
And there it is.
And now press Analyze code.
So again this is this is running on the cloud.
This is deployed to Azure.
The container that this is running in is now spawning an MCP server.
So it's, it's uh running uh Semgroup MCP container over standard IO on that box in this container.
And that is then going to connect to Semgroup using our token.
And it's then going to run analysis on this code, bring back results.
And our agent is going to use that to come up with its analysis of our code, potentially adding in
some of its own thoughts as well.
And I tried to drag along that sentence so that it would be done by the time I finished and I wasn't
successful.
It's taking a bit of time, but hopefully fingers crossed this is there we go.
It's a sem grep found for issues and I identified one issue.
That's great.
Let's expand this a little bit and have a look.
And we see the familiar issues.
There they are.
This is working.
We have deployed successfully to Microsoft Azure.
And you'll see nicely here that we have one running on my local box as just a front end back end.
We have one running on my local box in a container in a Docker container.
And this is when that Docker container has been deployed to Azure and is running the same way, including
running the MCP server.
That is success.
And I hope that you are looking at this too.
And so now back in cursor.
We're just going to finish off the instructions by going back to the Azure portal to see what's being
created.
Go into the Azure portal.
Here we go.
I'm already logged in, I think, so it'll take me straight through to the dashboard screen that you
get.
I'm going to go to resource groups.
I'm going to click on my only resource group, Cyber Analyzer.
And here are the new Azure objects that we've created.
The resources we've got cyber analyzer itself a container app container apps environment and the registry.
If we go into logs, you get into this very advanced component where you can set up different ways of
monitoring the, the app.
And, and you have to build it like a query.
Not not in classic, but you go into activity log and there's a lot of advanced tooling around searching
for queries.
That's not how we'll do it.
There is a simpler way to do it.
Go back to resource groups.
Back in here again, we'll look actually at our cyber analyzer itself the container app.
Click on that.
Up it comes.
Here it is.
It's running.
It's in East us under this subscription.
That's the URL.
If we want to bring it back up again the environment.
And that's the link to where we just were.
What we're going to do is we're going to come down to the left here under monitoring there's a option
log stream.
We come up with this.
And for the display we're going to go historical.
And we get to see the logs coming out of our application in the last hour in this case.
And you'll see that it's run something.
You can see the log messages as it calls Semgroup Semgroup CLI.
This is the spawned MCP server within our app container, within our Docker container, running Semgroup
and finding, uh, the vulnerabilities that it wants to, to respond to.
Uh, and uh, back comes the results and it finishes the server process and back comes the results,
uh, to our agent.
So it's pretty cool to go in here and see these log messages happening within Azure.
And you can also see them real time and then run your agent and see it happening, uh, while while
it runs.
And that that is us looking on the portal at, at the results of our deployment.
And when we're talking about logs, there's a completely different place we can go that's also very
useful indeed.
And it's got nothing to do with Azure.
You may remember that when we were writing the code for the agent, I wrapped it in a context manager
with trace so that logging information is reported.
The OpenAI agents SDK framework.
For people familiar with this, maybe it comes with an observability framework called traces, and it
also allows you to to hook that up to popular observability frameworks like MLflow and Lang views.
But we can just use the one that comes out of the box with OpenAI agents SDK that's built into the OpenAI
platform called traces.
And here it is.
And you can see the security researchers that have been running, whether it's on my local box at a
couple of different configurations or whether it's deployed to Azure.
And if we click into this, we can see the traces, the observability we get from running this on the
cloud.
And you'll see, lo and behold, the Semgroup scan was run.
This is the MCP server.
And we'll see the input that went into it.
And we can see the output, the results from Semgroup giving us the information that we wanted.
And that was then used by our agent to come up with the response that we were expecting.
Uh, that we that we got back, uh, and so this this is a super important activity.
This is this is where observability meets cloud deployment, using tooling like OpenAI's traces.
That gives you that deeper insight into what's happening in your agent workflow, along with the logs
coming from your container environment.
And finally, it's important to come into the Azure portal and go and look at costs.
So cost management again up comes cost management.
You can also type cost management in the search bar up here.
Uh here we are in the cost management section of Azure.
One quick thing to do is to click on budgets to look at the budgets we set up earlier.
You only set up one.
I've got a few that are all I think the same thing.
But you see a little progress bar that shows you how far you are going towards that budget.
You might have set yourself maybe $10 like me, or maybe $2, uh, and you can look into the spend there.
If you go into cost analysis under Reporting and Analytics, there's much more detailed screens here.
There's things that you can look at an accumulated cost, um, a, uh, subscriptions.
Visualize your cost and daily costs.
Let's go into daily costs.
And this is going to show me charts of day by day how much I am spending on my Azure infrastructure.
And you can see that each day I'm spending $0.17.
And this has been running for all of this month because I kicked off the cyber analyzer a month ago
and I left it running, which is, uh, since I didn't use it that time is probably not a smart idea.
Uh, but, uh, there it's been running and I had stopped it, and now it's running again.
And this gives you a sense of your costs, which are probably all going towards your free credits that
you've already got as part of your new account.
But anyway, keep an eye on them, make sure they're what you expect.
And if you've spent a few cents today, then now would be a good time for us to talk about bringing
down the environment, which we will do next.
And so here we are back in Casa again.
And now we're going to destroy our Terraform environment by running the same command.
And obviously in the same, uh, command prompt where I've loaded my environment variables and I have
the Azure workspace selected.
Or you can just repeat those commands from earlier and I run, Terraform, destroy to bring down the
environment and free up the resources or let it do its thing and see you in a second.
And of course, I had to press yes, type it out or all three letters for it to start the destruction.
And it then actually took quite a long time.
I think it took about 8 or 9 minutes to destroy all this.
So.
So don't worry if it takes a long time.
It it appears to destroy, but it has destroyed.
That has been successful.
And now, one more time, let's go back to the portal to check.
And here I am back in the Azure portal.
I'm going to go to resource groups up here.
And there is an a cyber analyzer resource group there.
But when we open it up, we are pleased to see that it's completely empty.
We didn't.
We created the resource group before we even started the the Terraform stuff.
So that that was just the sort of outer framework, but there's no resources within it.
They got destroyed properly and so we won't be spending anything.
Uh, hopefully you have the same experience.
And this just goes to show how easy it is to use Terraform to bring up and bring down environments like
that.
Remember how hard it was through the AWS console?
We haven't even had to do that with Azure.
And that's a wrap to the day one of week three.
We got an awful lot done.
We we built a cyber security app, or at least it was pre-built.
But we did a quick tour through it and hopefully a lot of it made sense to you because it's quite similar
to the other apps we built.
We ran it locally, we ran it in a container locally, and then we use Terraform to deploy it to Azure.
After setting up an Azure account and going through all of that, and it uses an MCP server, and just
as an extra bonus, we even went into the observability framework that traces framework in OpenAI to
see that the MCP server was called.
And we also saw that in the log messages, both in the Docker container locally and when it was deployed
to Azure as well.
So that's a lot to get done on day one of week three.
Congratulations.
That means you are 55% on the way through the journey.
More than halfway.
We are well on our way towards production expertise.
See you tomorrow for Google Cloud Platform.