Well, a fabulous welcome to week three, day two, which is a continuation of week three, day one
before we change topics.
But this time of course, we are talking about GCP, Google Cloud Platform, and we are going to be
doing the same as before, the cyber security project that will be deploying on GCP with its own MCP
server.
And uh, that's hopefully, hopefully maybe famous last words.
It's going to be a quicker day than yesterday because we've done all the groundwork already this week.
Since we've got a container and it's running, this should just be a matter of deploying.
Uh, so again, just to recap on this is this is day two of the two days.
Uh, it's got something for everyone.
We've got the, the the cloud engineering part of it, which for today is going to be about GCP deployment.
It's we're not using GitHub actions, but by all means you could add that in as a little extra.
We are going to be using our cyber analyst project that we work with yesterday that you now know well.
And the AI again we're going to be using OpenAI agents SDK.
We're going to be using an MCP server for the Cyberskills.
And also as we saw yesterday, we can just take a look at the observability framework traces to be able
to monitor our agent activity in production.
All right.
Let's get to it.
It all starts with me again showing you the little slide about cloud services.
You remember the five different types server traditional server infrastructure as a service, the platform
container, container orchestration and then serverless.
And of course AWS.
That's EC2, Beanstalk, app runner, ECS or EKS and Lambda.
And you're now somewhat familiar with Azure because we work with Azure Container Apps ACA.
But also these are the other equivalent components services, virtual machines, App Service and then
AKS and Azure Functions.
So what's it like in GCP land.
Here we go.
So the server side is known as GCE or Google Compute Engine.
The platform side is called Google App Engine or just App Engine.
The, uh, the container piece is called Google Cloud Run.
Cloud run.
Kubernetes one.
The container orchestration is called GKE, Google Kubernetes Engine.
And then the the functions are called cloud functions.
And as you probably remember well, what we're doing today is all about the container deployment, which
is often the simplest way to start.
It works particularly well when you have MCP servers because they can be spawned within the container.
And it's really great for quick deployments because once you've got the container working locally,
it should just be a matter of Terraform apply to push that out to the cloud.
So with that let's go back to cursor and talk GCP.
And so here we are in the cyber repo again in cursor.
Hopefully you have that cloned and open.
And we're going to expand the week three folder.
And we're going now to day two, part one.
There are only our two parts today setting up GCP and then actually going and running it.
So again we're going to be going through much a similar process to Azure.
We're going to set up an account if you don't already have a GCP account.
And you can get a free trial hopefully by going to Google Cloud.google.com.
That's where you begin all of this.
And uh, this link Cloud.google.com might work for you.
Let's go there now.
So I'm going to go to that Cloud.google.com free.
It comes up, uh, it gives you this, this sort of screen to give you information about their free
tier.
It's, uh, $300 of free credit is what it's showing me here.
Hopefully you get the same deal.
Uh, press start Free, and it's going to have you start by signing up to Google Cloud, and you'll
then go through a few screens.
And that includes needing to enter in a credit card number, I believe, just to set it up.
Uh, but it won't charge you as it will inform you.
And be sure to to give it the information you need and take the cues.
Uh.
I had a bit of difficulty when I signed up for this free account, because I had an existing Google
Workspace account already, like for email that I was using, and so I had to jump through a couple
of hoops and needed an LLM to help me.
Hopefully that doesn't happen to you.
I think that's that's a that's probably rare because of my specific setup.
I think you'll find it'll be quite easy to sign up for a new Google Cloud account and get in, but once
you've done so, you should arrive at a at like the console landing page, which is console.cloud.google.com.
And that is where we will go next.
So actually just before we go to Console.cloud.google.com, which is where you will have been redirected
to, let me just take a moment to walk you through Gcp's structure.
It's similar to Azure, but it is a bit more deeply nested.
So it's important to understand the terminology.
The different the different levels and GCP can be quite complicated.
I gotta tell you.
Uh, okay.
So, uh, gcp's hierarchy has these, like five levels to it.
The top is your Google account, which is like like your Gmail, your Google Workspace.
Some people call it that.
That is your Google account at the top.
Then there is a potentially something called organization under that which you may have if you're if
you're doing this as part of a of a company with, with a Google setup, then you have a billing account.
And that is one particular payment method.
And then there are projects associated with that billing account and resources associated with the projects.
So in some ways project is quite similar to a resource group in Azure.
And billing account uh is is obviously somewhat similar to a subscription.
So there's definitely parallels here.
Uh, and uh, there's a little bit more to it explained just there.
So what we're now going to do is go to the console and go to the, uh, project drop down to create
a new project, which is going to be Cyber Analyzer with everything else as default.
Let's go do that now.
So up here is the projects tab.
You can see I already have a project called Cyber Analyzer of course because I already created it.
But when you click on here it brings up the projects and there's a new project button at the top here.
This is where you give it the name Cyber Analyzer, which you already saw there.
Keep it in your organization and location and then press create to set that up.
I won't do it again.
I won't set up a second cyber analyzer.
But that's of course what I did to get to this point.
All right.
Next up we have to associate billing with this project.
So with the project selected in this project selector up here, you go to the hamburger menu on the
left.
And you choose billing.
And this is where you associate the project with a billing account, which is a little bit confusing
the first time you do it and you do it there.
I already have a billing account called Free Trial Account.
It has like a name and so on.
But you as following the instructions here, uh, as you were prompted on that screen the first time
you come in, it should be clear how you're prompted to link this, to link this project to this billing
account, so that when you're set up, you then see, uh, my billing account here.
And it's very clear that the billing account that you're set up to is your free trial account.
Um, and, uh, so you should get to this point, which is I've got lots of zeros on it, which I like
to see.
Uh, and it shows that I have my $300 credit with now 62 days remaining on it, I better I better spend
them.
And, uh, you've got many of the, the familiar kinds of settings right here.
But let's now set up some budgets.
So setting up budgets is particularly easy in GCP.
And it's going to be very easy for you because it's similar to Azure.
So as I said we've gone to to the hamburger menu.
We've gone to billing and we've selected the billing account which is the only billing account that
we've got set up, which is the one that we did in associated with our project.
And here it is.
And at the overview tab, you get an immediate view on what you've spent.
Towards in this case, our $300 free trial.
I haven't spent very much of it, it seems.
Uh, but this is where you go to keep a healthy eye on your costs.
We're going to go to Budgets and alerts.
And you can see here this is where you set up alerts.
You should have budgets.
You will have nothing here.
But you will after you press Create Budget and we give it a name and we'll call it monthly budget three.
But you don't need to call it three.
It's just I've made a few of them.
Uh, time range, we'll say monthly.
Uh, we will apply it to everything.
All projects, all services, all organizations.
Next we press the next button to give it an amount.
The amount that we'll give, we'll say it's a specified amount of $10.
And it appears right there.
Next.
And now we can set up what triggers an email alert.
We're going to say 50% of actual, 90% of actual and 100% of actual any of those situations.
We want to get an email.
We'll also add another threshold, which will be 100% of the forecast when our forecast is showing that
we will spend that amount.
Let's get an email there.
Let's have that email billing admins and users and press finish to create that.
We've just created that in there as well.
And let's just check we have everything set up right on this left here.
Come down to account management for your billing management.
And here you can see that I've got a my first project and the cyber analyzer project that we're about
to set up together.
And if I come over here to the right, this is where I can see the the billing account administrator.
It is indeed my email.
Uh, and, uh, you can come on in here and edit this should you need to, to make absolutely sure you've
got the right email address, the right contact.
Your budgets are set up.
You'll be able to be emailed if you ever spend anything material.
And you can also always come to overview, as you should regularly, to keep a close eye on the costs
associated with your account.