We're now going to install the Google Cloud CLI command line interface, much as we did for Azure and
for AWS before that.
So there's install instructions for windows, Mac and Linux.
It's the usual stuff.
Hopefully you'll quickly be able to do that.
And then we bring up a new terminal and we're going to run gcloud init.
Let's do that new terminal g cloud init.
And off it goes.
Welcome.
This will take you through the process of installing configuring gcloud.
Do we want to reinitialize the current configuration.
Yep.
We might as well do that.
Uh, okay.
Um, so we want to select an account.
Now it shows me here, um, those two accounts, but I find I think it's easier to do option three.
Sign in with a Google account.
So it opens this up.
That way I can just go through my Google credentials in my browser and not have to do anything.
So I'm going to type out my password and I'll be right back when I've done that.
Okay.
Now press next and it comes and say allow.
And we're now authenticated.
Go back here and this is done.
So, uh, it now says pick a cloud project to use.
And obviously we want to use project number one, the cyber analyzer.
Uh, so that is now set up.
We have done Google init.
We are logged in to the uh, the, the uh cyber analyzer project, which is set.
And uh, also if you're prompted for a default region, then follow these instructions to okay, okay.
Next let's just go through some typical CLI commands.
This first one will explain our current configuration.
Let's try that.
Uh so we are account is my account.
That's good.
And the project is the project and we're in US central one.
Excellent.
Let's list all available projects.
List them out.
There they are.
I've got some other things that I messed around with in the past, but Cyber Analyzer is right there,
which is great.
The current project, presumably this is going to work as well and just give us Cyber Analyzer, we
hope.
Let's see.
It does just give us cyber analyzer.
Jolly good.
And now this one just to test the API.
Uh, a bunch of different services that are enabled.
Uh, very good.
And now we're just going to ask to enable specific APIs that we may use.
So we're just going to run this here.
And importantly, of course this is running something called uh, run Google APIs, which is cloud run,
our ability to run containers and container registry.
Uh, and that's something which, uh, is also, uh, should, should sound familiar to you.
And then something called cloud build, uh, which, which is, as it says, there will, will allow
us to build containers.
And so we have now got our account set up and ready, and we are ready to move forwards with actually
building our container.