And welcome to the day two part two point in the week three directory in the cyber repo.
I'm going to open the preview of day two, part two, which is when we actually make our Docker container
and deploy it.
And by the magic that is Terraform, this should be very straightforward.
So we'll just bring up a new, uh, terminal.
We will check that Terraform is in good shape, but I'm sure it is because we just used it.
Uh, we're just going to get the projects list from gcloud.
We're going to, uh, make sure that we understand, uh, the which project we're using.
Cyber dash analyzer.
There is both a project ID and a project name, and the name is like free form text.
And the ID has to be unique, and the ID is the one that matters.
We'll be using cyber Dash analyzer, which is probably what your one is called.
Uh, but if not then then just use use whatever it is called.
Uh, okay.
So first of all we're going to run something that will just bring the dot env file and make it environment
variables.
And for this to work, by the way, I should mention you do need to be in the project root directory
like that I run this.
That's a mac command.
There's a PC command in the next cell.
And we're also going to set an environment variable called TF for Terraform variable project ID.
And what we're going to do is we're going to call this exactly the ID cyber analyzer.
Copy that letter for letter.
You know there's no room for error with these IDs.
There we go.
So that's setting that ID.
Now my Terraform var project ID is set to Cyber Analyzer.
And you can run these checks to make sure they're loaded.
But I'm sure they are.
And the same for windows.
You should run the checks though.
Um and then we're going to go into our Terraform directory Terraform and then into GCP this time.
Uh, when last time we of course went into the Azure subdirectory.
We look over here in Terraform there's a GCP and an Azure directory.
Oh and something hung over there from a test I did which we can delete.
There we go.
That's what you should see just Azure and GCP.
Very nice.
Uh, okay.
So now we're going to do terraform init to set up Terraform.
There it is.
And then you'll need to run Terraform workspace new GCP.
But I've already done that before.
So all I need to do is Terraform workspace select GCP.
It's done.
And now Terraform workspace show because we like being double careful that we're doing everything right.
There it is GCP is the workspace.
We're in good shape.
It's time to authenticate okay.
So first of all we're going to log in to gcloud.
This is probably not necessary since you've already logged in recently.
But we'll just do it just to make sure.
In we go allow.
And we are authenticated okay.
Now we're now going to make sure that we're looking at the project called uh Cyber Analyzer by running
this uh, and we actually we already were in Cyber Analyzer, but whatever, we'll we'll run this and
that is done.
Uh, now what we now want to do is log in using something called the application default credentials,
because that is the the simple login which Terraform will be using in order to make changes to GCP.
Uh, and again this is quite similar to Azure.
And it's just a very much simpler strategy than than AWS where everything has to be very explicit when
it comes to to IAM.
So this is allowing this application default account to be logged in.
Continue.
In we go.
And what we're now going to be doing.
And so these credentials will be used by any library that requests application default credentials ADC
which is what Terraform is going to be doing.
Uh, you have to tell, uh, Google Cloud that we want to associate this application default account
with the quota, uh, with the billing for this project.
So a little bit fiddly.
Um, but that is saying that, that that is how to associate that, that is basically which billing
account Terraform Terraforms actions are going to be associated with.
So run that and it says quota project Cyber analyzer was added to ADC.
The application default credentials, which can be used by Google client libraries for billing and quota.
Uh.
And now we run this command so that we can Docker can use these gcloud credentials.
So we can push images and we get some message there.
And let's just make sure that the application is there we go.
We just want to make absolutely sure project is cyber analyzer.
There it is.
We're in good shape.
Everything is authorized properly okay.
It's time to run a Terraform command.
First let's just look in Terraform folder.
You'll see that there is of course an Azure and GCP directory.
We are now in GCP land and there is a Main.tf.
And the main.tf here is going to look hopefully quite nicely parallel with Azure.
And should all be stuff that makes sense to you.
Uh, we've got um the, the Google setups.
We've got the Docker setup.
That's much as before.
We've got the Docker image that's built in the same way using the right platform that that is important
for Mac people.
And this is the cloud run service that's set up.
And here are the details of it.
It's worth looking at the CPU and the memory.
It turns out in fact, and I don't think I mentioned this with the Azure deployment, that the Semgroup
MCP server consumes quite a lot of memory and configuring itself.
And if you leave it with default resources for cloud run, it doesn't work.
There's not enough resources to run the Semgroup MCP server.
And that caught me off guard to start with.
Uh, so it took me a while to get to the bottom of that, but that's something that's needed here.
Um, we're passing in our keys as before.
Um, we've got some scaling settings, and then there is some IAM stuff and the, the project ID and
region, uh, as, as output, sorry, service URL, project ID and region.
Uh, so that is our Terraform setup.
And what we can now do is run the plan command so that we can see what will happen when we call Terraform
run, Terraform, apply.
So here is the Terraform plan command.
Uh, and uh this is what we get.
So these are the resources that will be created when we run Terraform apply.
And uh, it includes everything that we just looked at in that file, including this, this one here,
which is, of course, the, the, uh, cloud run itself, the Google cloud run that will be created.
So we are all ready to go with Terraform apply command.
Okay.
Here we go.
Copy this.
Terraform apply copy.
Come here.
Paste.
And now we have to do the, uh the famous typing.
Yes.
And off it goes to create infrastructure on Google Cloud.
We're hoping for a nice smooth run.
Docker image is creating like before.
I will, uh, stay glued to the screen, but I will spare you.
Me?
Uh yabbering away for a few minutes.
I will see you in a second.