Well, here we are.
It seems to have run completed successfully.
We've got a service URL, which I will, uh, I guess I can just control.
Click on it again and open and up it comes.
And we are looking at our cyber security analyst.
It is running on the cloud but this time it's at Cyber Analyzer blah blah blah dot dot dot.
By comparison this one where is it now?
Over here is uh, on the Azure container apps, a different URL.
Uh, all right.
Open Python file.
We will uh open air.py and we'll press the analyze code button.
And presumably now somewhere in for me your central one, somewhere a Google data center is spinning
up.
Uh, Cloud run is being launched, which means that that our container that we deployed is, is, is
warming up.
It's going to spawn an MCP server.
Its large enough size that it can run the MCP server, and it's now you know only too well that MCP
server is connecting to Semgroup, and it's running our analysis for us for this file.
I realized I'm not going to be able to keep it going, but at this time to take you through the time
it will take to come up with the results.
So I'm going to, uh, I'm still hoping it's going to finish, but it's not.
I will be back in one second with the results.
Ah, I knew that was going to happen.
I should have waited.
The second I pressed the stop button, the results came.
That's how long it took.
Uh, anyway, here are the results.
Sure enough, uh, analyzed the Python code.
Same grep found for issues, and I identified one extra issue.
It says.
And here they are the same two highs.
There should be a critical.
There it is the eval uh, and uh the input validation is the medium one that it probably added in.
So there we have it.
This is the result of our application, our simple cyber security analyst with an MCP.
Server an agent framework deployed now to GCP.
You're seeing it here running on GCP with cloud run.
And over here we see the same thing.
The same thing.
It was almost hard to see that I'd changed tabs.
But this of course is completely different in that it's running on Azure.
Uh also spawning an MCP server using Azure Container apps instead of GCP Cloud Run.
And this is it running in a Docker container locally on my box.
And this is it running just as a front end and a back end locally on my box for different deployments.
One browser.
And actually I still have open the traces from before.
Let's go over here to traces since we have it right here.
Uh, and let's go back to traces.
And we should see a new trace has come right up here.
Uh, we will go into this, uh, and we can see the security researcher has run the Semgroup scan was
right here and presumably we'll see an output there.
We have it.
And that then resulted in a response coming back from our agent.
And this, of course has the answers right there.
Uh, so this shows us, again, using the observability platform traces built within OpenAI, uh, to
examine the behavior of our agent and look at the actual MCP call itself.
And so this is a very important practice to come and do this.
But in addition to this we can also go into the GCP console and see what happened according to GCP.
Let's go do that.
So here we are in the home screen of going to Console.cloud.google.com.
And we pick Cyber Analyzer over here.
And we can type Cloud run uh to go straight to the cloud run section.
That's very similar to to the other two.
Uh thank you for that.
Uh, here it comes.
And you can see that we do have something in here called Cyber Analyzer.
This was created by Terraform.
We can come into this container and we are now looking at the cyber analyzer cloud run.
Uh, we can see that's when I just called it.
Um, we can go into its logs and presumably we'll see.
Uh, here we go.
The same sort of semgroup reports that we saw running from, um, uh, when we ran it in a Docker container
locally and also on Azure.
And now here on GCP, these are the logs coming from our MCP server, from our agent.
Uh, you can see MCP server appearing here in the uh, in the trace.
Uh, so this is how you quickly get to logs in Cloud Run.
And again logging is a whole big deal in GCP.
There's there's a lot of detail we could go to.
But the quickest way just as with Azure is to start at Cloud Run.
Come in and click on the logs just there.
We'll go back to metrics just to see the overall reports here on on on what it's done and how much memory
it used up.
It actually didn't use that much.
But but so maybe I didn't need such a such a big container.
But certainly the default wasn't big enough.
Uh, so there we have it that is showing the logs in GCP.
So we've looked at the observability, the traces in open AI.
And we've looked at the logs in GCP.
And so back to cursor.
You know what's next.
We next destroy that so that we don't leave resources running.
Here is the terraform destroy command.
Copy that.
Paste that in and let it do its thing.
It's going to ask me to type.
Yes.
Again.
And, uh, here we go.
Yes.
And it's going to go off now and destroy our infrastructure.
And I won't try and talk it through.
I'll be quick this time.
I'll see you in a second.
It's.
Ha ha ha ha.
I can't win with this, can I?
Uh, it's already destroyed.
The the infrastructure is destroyed.
So we can now go back into the GCP console and search and make sure that nothing remains.
So here I am at the Google Cloud homepage, the console home page.
Uh, you can see that the cyber analyzer project is selected on the top left.
I always have to do that.
Uh, I noticed that one of the helpful resources it prompts me for is compare with AWS and Azure.
So that's nice that it shows up there.
Maybe you see that too, although I'm sure you can search for it.
That might be a useful document to have to hand, uh, to compare the three of them.
I also, I should point out there's there's lots of great stuff here, but there's, uh, there's a
dashboard screen under cloud overview that gives you a nice kind of one sense of one, one, one look
at what's going on, uh, in your project.
Anyway, we're coming in here because we're going to go to Cloud Run.
We want to come back to Cloud Run where we were before, and there's not a whole lot to see here, as
we would hope.
Nothing going on here.
The the cyber analyzer cloud run that used to be here has gone.
It's been destroyed.
We are pleased to see that there is no news at all.
And of course, we should finish by going back to billing.
Always important to go back to billing to see what's going on here.
Um, and check out, uh, the, the overview.
See anything that's being spent, look through things like budgets and alerts, the cost table, anything
else that you want to look through to make sure that nothing is spending that you're not expecting and
that everything is healthy.
And that then would conclude our voyage into GCP.
It was it was particularly easy.
And I just want to emphasize one more time that the reason it was particularly easy is because Terraform
did the heavy lifting for us.
And now that you know what's involved in setting everything up through the console, you have some appreciation
for that.
The other reason it was easy, of course, is that we picked Cloud Run the the Docker container based
deployment.
And that is the very simplest type of deployment, and it's often a kind of no nonsense.
Quickly, let's build something, make sure it works, and then let's deploy it to production using
container apps.
Cloud run.
That's the best way to do it.
And actually, that brings up a good point.
I shouldn't I shouldn't say it's the best way.
That's obviously oversimplifying.
It's it's a very, uh, a very quick and efficient way, uh, particularly if you're already working
with a Docker container to deploy something quickly to an environment like test or production.
The cloud run and Container apps and App Runner on AWS are definitely the go to in that scenario.
But there are easier approaches, even easier than that, because there is the platform as a service
approach.
There's there's there's vessel for for a starter.
And then if you're using one of the main providers, then there are, uh, there's Beanstalk and App
Service and Google App Engine, which are the fastest to get something deployed.
They are the platform as a service.
Um, but you have less flexibility.
You don't get to sort of build and configure your own app.
And I imagine that with things like MCP servers, Vercel has, has like a template Pre-baked with that.
But if you're trying to do something on your own that's slightly off, off the ordinary, then then
it suddenly becomes much, much harder and you would crave the flexibility that you get with a container
as a service like Google Cloud Run.
But if you wanted to have even more flexibility, if you wanted to deploy all of your assets separately
using something like CloudFront so that it's there located all over the world, and if you wanted to
be able to have something like API gateway, where you have security around the use of APIs and rate
limiting and so on, then you need to be more thoughtful about your deployment and a deployment architecture
like we use last week, which was more of a it was a serverless architecture, but we made use of multiple
components in AWS.
That is more what you want.
So there's no easy answer.
There's a continuum from very simple the platform as a service to container as a service through to
deploying a serverless architecture and then a server architecture, and then a container orchestration,
perhaps the most complex.
There's that whole continuum, and which one you pick does depend on your particular requirements.
In our case, it really felt like we hit the sweet spot with container apps because we were able to
build a Docker container once and deploy it to Azure and GCP in just a matter of minutes.
And I think that was terrific.
And on that positive note, that brings us to the end of day two of week three, days one and two of
week three with their own little separate project, the cyber project that's now done.
No more GCP, no more Azure.
We're going back to AWS.
And we're also going all purple.
The rest of this week is AI stuff.
It's going to be SageMaker.
It's going to be vectors.
It's going to be data ingest using MCP servers.
Lots to do.
Get ready for purple.
Get plenty of sleep.
Tomorrow we embark on day three.