Okay, so let's get started.
We're here in the Alex project.
I'm going to go into the guides folder.
And the first guide is called permissions.
Uh and I'm going to right click and do open preview.
And you know well that we often start with looking at permissions.
So uh, this begins with a quick introduction about Project Alex, the Genetic Learning Equities explainer,
an AI powered personal financial planner.
And it tells you a little bit more about what I have in store for you, which I will talk more about
in a minute, but, but, uh, or during the course of the next few days.
But it's about understanding your portfolios, planning for retirement and so on.
There's then an architecture diagram, and I want you to look the other way for this, because I am
going to talk through the architecture.
And we'll do that once we've got our permissions set up.
You can take a quick peek while you go through it if you wish.
Uh, but the first thing we're going to do is set up all the permissions that we're going to need in
order to carry out this master plan.
So, um, this also explains again about the infrastructure management, the fact that we're doing multiple
Terraform deployments with separate directories for each piece.
And it explains some of the pros and cons of doing it that way.
And it says make sure you've got an AWS account.
Of course you do with with root access because this is the one of the times when we use root access
is to set up permissions, make sure your CLI is installed and you are you're ready to go, but I'm
sure you are since we've got to this point.
Oh yes.
I also mentioned here that that uh, I've got this architecture diagram and there's a few other places
where we have them.
These are a type of diagram called a mermaid diagram.
And this might not have appeared nicely for you, in which case you need to install an extension in
cursor.
Uh, and you need to install the extension that's written here, the markdown mermaid extension.
You probably know this, but to install an extension, it's command shift X on a mac or control shift
X on a PC, and it brings up the extension screen over here and you pick the mermaid one.
Let me just do this.
Now, if I do this now, uh, and I type mermaid, we'll see the one I have installed.
It's, uh, this one right here, this markdown preview.
Uh, mermaid one here.
I have that installed, and that's the one that means that I can see mermaid diagrams.
So remember to do that and then command shift E or control shift E brings back the File explorer.
Okay.
So with that it's time for us to go to the, uh, the the console sign in, go in as a root user and
I will see you there.
So here I am in the AWS console.
And you can see I'm signed in there as my root user.
So what are the instructions in the AWS console.
Navigate to IAM and click policies.
Create a new policy and paste in this content as a new policy.
And then save it as Alex S3 vectors access.
So this is a bit of a pro move.
And this is because we're going to be using this way of storing data as vectors, which is called S3
vectors and which is relatively new.
It's a fairly new feature in Amazon and AWS, which means that there aren't these kind of pre-baked
policies for it, which is why we have to do this in this slightly hokey way.
So let me show you this.
We're going in here.
We go to IAM.
There it is.
We come in here, we go to policies in the left.
And you can see I've already set this one up, I believe.
So if I scroll down, you can see I've already got it.
Alex S3 vectors access.
But you'll be pressing create policy to create this.
And when you're in there, just as it says in the instructions, you'll come in and and and attach your
JSON and it's going to look just like this.
I can just press the JSON button there to see it.
Uh, and it's allowing S3 vectors.
So follow those instructions and save it as it's described here, to create your policy called Alex
S3 vectors, which is access, which is going to give Alex the ability to be using the new S3 vectors
from AWS.
All right.
And then the next step is we're going to create a new group.
We did this before.
So hopefully it's a little bit familiar to you.
We're going to go to user groups create a group call it Alex Access and add in these guys SageMaker
bedrock CloudWatch events Full Access.
And then we're also going to have Alex S3 vectors access, which is the thing we just set up.
So those four.
So have a look at them.
So if I go back here again we're going to user groups.
Now you're going to press create group.
But you can see I've already got Alex access in here.
And the way it shows for me because I've already set it up.
There's two tabs Permissions and users permissions is showing that I've got those those things I mentioned.
There are some other policies in here too, which you may need to add later as we go.
So if you want to give yourself a shortcut, then take a quick screen grab of this and add all of these,
not just the four that are on the in the instructions, but all the ones only for the future.
That's a pro tip that will save you some time later, but you'll see in here are the ones that were
just mentioned SageMaker, which is we're going to be using today CloudWatch full events.
Uh, and uh, yeah.
The, the uh, the others uh, should be here and also the one that we just created.
There it is.
Sorry, Alex S3 vectors access the custom policy that we just created.
So set up this and then make sure that you attach it to the user AI engineer just as it says.
And then when you come back into it to look at it by going to user groups, you should see it set up
just like mine is here.
And then that is the setting up the the new group for Alex.
Okay, so hopefully you followed the instructions here to create your Alex Access group and to make
sure that it's associated with your IAM user AI engineer.
And with that, you should now sign out please, as the root user in the AWS console.
You shouldn't stick stick around with that kind of permission and sign back in as AI engineer.
Okay?
Now let's just check that everything is what we expect at the command line.
So bring up a new terminal in cursor, and first run this command to check who is logged in.
If this doesn't say what we expect then you should run AWS configure to sign in.
But in my case it does.
That's my user ID apparently my account number that I do recognize because we've done use it a million
times, and the Arn, the AWS resource number of my user AI engineer.
There it is.
Next up we're going to run this command AWS SageMaker list endpoints.
And you'd be forgiven for saying I don't want SageMaker is yet.
Why am I calling it?
But don't fear, we're just doing this to check that we can access it.
Permissions are good, I can see it and I have no end points.
We will be building endpoints.
Well, an end point uh, and I will explain what SageMaker is in just a second.
All right.
But first some project setup stuff okay.
So we're going to set up an environment file a env file.
So from the uh Alex root directory I'd like you to copy an existing file called env example and make
it your env file.
Now you can either do this at the command line or you can just right click and copy and paste in the
file explorer on the left there.
But I'll do copy dot EMV dot example to be just dot env.
And I'm sure you know the joke by now, but it has to be called exactly env nothing more, nothing less.
Otherwise it won't work.
Uh, then get your AWS account ID if you don't already know it off by heart.
By this point in the course there is my ID.
I copy that to the clipboard and edit the EMV file, which is just a template EMV file.
These are all of the things we'll be filling in over the course of the next week and a half.
We start by pasting in the account ID.
There it is.
That's mine.
You should put in yours, not mine, but yours.
And, uh, then also the default region.
This is a good moment.
Mine is US East one.
You should pick the region that makes most sense for you.
That will be the default, uh, for for setting up the infrastructure that we use.
And with that, we will be we'll be adding more to this as we go through.
It's worth mentioning right now something a bit confusing that there are two different places where
environment variables are going to go, uh, which which is because we have a reasonably complex infrastructure
here.
The EMV file is what we will use for our local secrets that we'll be using in some of our Python scripts
and services.
There's also Terraform variables, terraform.tf vars which are used for Terraform infrastructure, and
they're all get ignored so that we don't accidentally check them in.
But we will be updating some things twice now.
It's common in real projects to to to write yourself some scripts that will just automatically copy
variables like this across, so you don't have to put them in two places.
But I just figured doing something like that is itself error prone.
And I want to just take things simple, as simple as possible.
So even though occasionally we're going to have to put the same information into two different files,
I would rather do it that way to be clean and simple.
And so it's clear what goes where.
And if things don't work, you know where to go.
Uh, so that then does conclude the, uh, the first, uh, of our of our labs for this project.
But it's only the preliminaries.
We do have another lab for today, which is the big lab about SageMaker.
And it's time for me to explain what SageMaker actually is.