So Amazon SageMaker is one of AWS core services for AI projects.
And in particular, it's for end to end machine learning model deployment from building to training
to implementing and rolling out models into production.
And it's there both, as I say, for the training side and for the hosting side.
It's both running the sort of fine tuning jobs and then deploying them in a way that is scalable production
grade.
Uh, and we're not going to be covering training directly on this course.
We're going to be using this for deploying open source models in inference mode.
But if you've taken my companion LLM engineering course so that you are familiar with fine tuning models,
then for sure you could experiment with that side of it too and actually deploy a fine tuned model.
It should the the courses should connect nicely there.
And it's very much SageMaker is designed for MLOps.
MLOps, which we'll talk more about in just a minute, is is about the whole sort of process of being
a DevOps person from a machine learning point of view.
So it's all about things like tracking different experiments, versioning your data and your models,
automated retraining of models and monitoring models in production, making sure that the full ML process
is repeatable and bulletproof.
That's what SageMaker is all about.
So you're probably thinking right about now, okay, but what's what's bedrock then?
But wasn't bedrock all about deploying models?
What's the difference between bedrock and SageMaker?
Well, let me let me clarify.
So bedrock versus SageMaker give you the the side by side comparison.
So the objective of bedrock is to allow you to take foundation models, frontier models, models like
Claude's Anthropic or the Nova range from AWS and be able to use them through an API.
It's like a sort of, uh, router for frontier models that will be billed to your AWS account with a
well-known, scalable API.
SageMaker is much more low level.
Detailed.
SageMaker is about building and training, tuning and deploying your own ML models or open source models.
So what are these models?
Again, in Bedrock's case, these are pre-trained models from Amazon itself and from partners like anthropic.
Limited selection of major model providers SageMaker is really it's very it's very much like hugging
face.
And it lets you use any hugging face model.
But it's about either building your own model or training your own model, or using a prebuilt model
like a like a hugging face model.
Open source model and using that in your ML pipelines.
And in terms of what the work involved, typically bedrock is super simple.
It's just a sort of configuration thing and you're off.
You're using an endpoint for for Claude or whatever.
Uh, as we discovered in week two, SageMaker, it's definitely it's more involved.
We're not going to go that deep with it.
We're going to use it to run an open source model.
but I'm going to give you a good feel for how much there is to learn about SageMaker.
Should you wish.
And in terms of the deployment approach with bedrock, you just simply get access to managed endpoints
that you just use, as we did in week two with SageMaker.
You create your own customized endpoints.
We just listed them a second ago, and there were none of them empty square brackets.
But we will have an endpoint that we will build ourselves and it will be scalable and something that
we have very tight control over.
And so so when do you typically use it.
So you use bedrock if you are building using frontier models and for, for scaled inference, just as
we did with the twin.
But SageMaker is is much more about having your own model that you are.
It's a custom model or an open source model that you want to deploy, potentially train and scale.
It is a more of a of a hands on experience working directly with the models.
So hopefully that gives you some kind of feel for for the pretty different use cases between the two.
Are you?
Maybe this is oversimplifying, but maybe you could think of bedrock as using, like the OpenAI Python
client library.
And SageMaker is more like using hugging face code when you're lifting up the bonnet and looking at
it under the hood, at the actual engine itself and being able to configure it and deploy it.
That's what we'll be doing with SageMaker.
As I say, we'll be barely scratching the surface.
It is a wonderful rabbit hole to explore more should you wish.
And now I use the term MLOps before.
And let me let me just quickly drill down, peel back the onion a bit on that term.
MLOps.
So first off, I should say that it is one of these ambiguous terms that's used in different contexts.
Sometimes people would refer to this entire course, everything we're doing on this course as being
MLOps, because it's all about sort of operationalizing agentic AI and generative AI, deploying to
AWS, deploying to GCP and Azure and Vercel.
These are all practices related to platform engineering for AI projects.
So in a way, sometimes people do use it as an umbrella term to refer to everything that we're doing,
but it's probably more common for it to be used specifically in the context of managing model deployments
themselves.
It's like DevOps for machine learning, managing the lifecycle of a model.
So it's about things like tracking the versions of data, the different model versions, the different
configurations that you've used for your training so that you can you can always go back if you need
to, to a different, different cut to a different experiment.
It's about monitoring how your models perform in production.
And there's something known as model drift, which is the effect that over time, as as the world changes,
as something happens, like like, say, Covid happened a few years ago, models that were trained prior
to Covid didn't have like Covid as as an important word in the vocabulary.
And so of course, that's an example of something which which fine tuning afterwards with the latest
data will make a big difference.
And the model's performance will sort of degrade after Covid if it wasn't already aware of the pandemic.
Uh, so that's an example of of model drift happening.
As models age and detecting that, seeing your performance drop and correcting for it is a is an important
DevOps MLOps activity.
And SageMaker itself very much is is the platform for MLOps.
It lets you track experiments.
It has a model registry which is where you can version your different models.
It has endpoints with with different monitoring for endpoints and automations for retraining.
So so that is the SageMaker is like the MLOps suite.
And with that introduction we're going to go back to our lab and start working in earnest on Alex.
And now I should say that next week is going to be when we actually build out the Agentic platform behind
Alex and deploy it to AWS.
What we'll be doing this week is the data side of Alex.
So this is a time when I'm going to cover both SageMaker and also data engineering a little bit.
So the data engineers amongst you are going to enjoy this.
We're going to be talking about data ingest.
We want Alex to be a platform that is constantly learning about the latest developments in financial
markets, in the field of retirement planning and financial planning generally.
And we want it to be always, always learning.
And so we want to build data pipes so that Alex is always able to to to get new information and be able
to store it in a vector data store so that those are the building blocks we're going to be creating
this week.
And we're going to start today with just being able to to call a model to take some text, some information
and turn it into a vector and store that vector in something called S3 vectors, which is a place to
store this kind of information.
So, so the first step we have, the SageMaker part of the puzzle is going to be all about turning text
into vectors, using an open source model that we all have deployed to a SageMaker endpoint.
With that, let's go and do it.