Look, I promised you a juicy course.
And if you think that this.
That Alex is already looking like a juicy project, you ain't seen nothing yet.
We're getting more stuck into it today.
We've got a lot to cover.
Welcome to another Purple day.
Another AI day.
This is a day in which we're going to be looking at data ingest, in particular using an embedding model,
an encoder that we deployed yesterday, uh, to, to create vectors and store them in S3 vectors, a
new type of storage that offered by AWS.
So let's get to it.
First, some quick recaps.
So the project we're working on, of course, is Alex, our capstone project, our SaaS financial planner.
Next week is when we're really going to be building out Alex, the Agentic AI platform.
This week it's all about the data ingest part of it, giving Alex its memory, its mind about financial
markets and about retirement planning.
We've started our setup by by cloning a repo.
We've got Alex as a local project that's got separate Terraform directories for each of the different
deployment steps that we'll be taking, and they have TF vars inside them for configuration.
And there's also a env file in the project root that has overall, uh, secrets that govern the whole
project.
We've only got one environment I'm not deploying to dev and test to keep things a bit simpler.
No GitHub actions, but you're very welcome to do that yourself if you'd like.
And it's so satisfying to be able to do a git push and see it all roll out for you.
And yesterday, of course, we we played around with SageMaker for the first time.
We made an endpoint, an inference endpoint with an embedding model, a sentence transformers model
from hugging face, the all mini lm v2, uh, which is a model you can use to take text and convert
it into a vector.
And what we're going to be building today is the data ingest lambda function.
That will do that and store the results in S3 three vectors and just to be a little bit repetitive,
but just sometimes it helps to hear things twice, reminding you of the difference between bedrock and
SageMaker.
Bedrock, which is about building with frontier models, being able to have, uh, inference that you
can run with models like, uh, Nova and Claude and be able to run that at scale, whereas SageMaker
is more the platform for data scientists, it's DevOps for data scientists, and it's where you can
manage the complete lifecycle of your model development training models, managing different experiments,
versioning models and data sets.
It has, as we saw, its own kind of Google Colab Jupyter notebooks in the cloud.
It's got inference endpoints that we know well because we're using them, uh, and lots of other functionality,
including a complete kind of IDE built in.
So lots for data scientists to experiment with in SageMaker.
We've barely scratched the surface with our deployed SageMaker endpoint.
I'd also talked about ML ops.
I'd explain that that term can be used in different contexts.
It can mean everything that we're doing on this course around platform engineering for AI.
It can also be referring more specifically to managing different versions of your models and data,
managing your different data science experiments, and that that is more commonly how it's used in that
context.
And when it's used in that way.
SageMaker is one of your go to platforms.
That is AWS, ML ops platform.
And we talked a bit about model drift, this idea that models can kind of decay in their performance
over time as as the natural language of the world evolves and as a result, something you need to to
monitor for, to test the performance of your models and then retrain if you need to.
And SageMaker is a place that you could do that, and you should go around and experiment with some
of the functionality yourself and see if it's something you can you can find useful.
You could, for example, if you've taken the LM engineering course, you could take the models that
we trained there and look to see how you can incorporate them in SageMaker.
So in the last couple of days, I gave you a little teaser of some of Alex's architecture, its deployment
architecture, the data ingest side of it.
And here's a simplified diagram of what we saw in the slightly more complicated mermaid diagrams.
It's going to have Alex is going to have a scheduler, a lambda function that is going to wake up every
two hours and say, okay, it's time.
And when it does that, what it's going to do is it's going to kick off an app runner.
Uh, it's going to to it's going to kick off something called the researcher, which is going to be
an agent running in a container.
It's going to have access to an MCP server because we want to be trying these different things.
Uh, and so it's going to use the MCP server.
It's actually going to run a playwright browser to be able to do some research.
And what's going to come out of that is some information that it wants to add to its memory.
So this is a typical example of a kind of rag process where you have something happening that's going
to result in data being ingested.
And I thought having a researcher that uses an MCP server is a is a really interesting way to to take
this to be generating data.
But in your case for your business projects, this might be something that's monitoring incoming feeds.
It might be something that's looking at news that's being released or or information documents that
are being saved in your company, anything that's causing an event to come in and new data that needs
to be stored.
And of course, the researcher needs a model to do that.
And it's going to use bedrock as its way of calling a frontier model, and which will then call our
MCP server.
And when it's done that, when it's created some data, it's done a search on the internet, it's found
some information it wants to store.
It's now got some data that it wants to store in its memory.
How is it going to do that?
Well, it's going to pass that over to a lambda function called ingest.
And ingest is our lambda function that is able to take some data and store it in our memory.
And how does it store it in our memory?
Well, the way that llms like to have memory of things is using vector data stores so they can retrieve
relevant information quickly using Rag processes.
And so we want to store it as a vector.
So we've got some text from the researcher.
We want to turn it into a vector.
And the way we will do that is of course using the SageMaker inference endpoint that we deployed yesterday.
So we will call out to the open source model the sentence transformers that we have running in SageMaker
endpoint to turn it into a vector.
And we will then store that vector in a vector store.
And we're going to use a service called S3 vectors, which is you can think of like like it's S3, it's
a bucket, but it's intended to store vectors.
And this is actually a relatively new offering from AWS and it's very cost efficient.
I previously used an alternative called OpenSearch that ended up being quite pricey, and you may know
that already because you've been seeing it in my Cost Explorer that I spent, I think $70 or something.
I think it was $50.
There was also the domain name as well.
I spent, I think, $50 just experimenting with the prior implementation before I realized that of the
various alternatives, that was not cost efficient for certainly for our purposes and S3 vectors is
perfect for this.
So that is what I'm using.
That is what the ingest lambda function will use to store the vector and the associated text, so that
it can be retrieved later.
So that is the data ingest architecture that we're going to be building today and tomorrow.
So what part are we doing today.
Well today we're just going to do this part.
We're just going to be looking at the ingest lambda function and have it call our SageMaker endpoint
and store the vectors.
Very simple.
These three components we've already built the purple one.
Those are the blue bits around it.
We're going to build today.
And let's get right to it.
Let's go back to cursor back into the Alix project Alix Repo and get to work.