So here we are in the Alex project.
And we're going to start by going into guides.
And it's time for us to look at the third guide.
Ingest MD ingestion pipeline with S3 vectors.
Okay.
In this guide we're going to deploy a cost effective vector storage solution S3 vectors 90% cheaper
than OpenSearch uh, and a lambda function for the document ingest and API gateway with API key authentication
and integration with the SageMaker embedding endpoint.
And the reason so we're we're going to be using this API gateway because this is the kind of bulletproof
production, uh, type of, of construct that you'd have in place to make sure that you've got the right
kind of security.
Okay.
So, uh, let's get started.
There's there's a little bit of an explanation there that S3 vectors is their new native vector storage
solution.
Uh, and it is a different to S3, S3 vectors or one word like that.
Okay.
So the first thing we're going to do is create our S3 vector bucket.
And we're not going to use Terraform for this, because this is going to be like a one time thing that
will survive, even if you bring down and bring up the infrastructure.
We want to keep this bucket sitting around.
And so this will also be something that once you're done with the course, you will need to come in
and delete the old fashioned way, which we'll see in the Resources Explorer because we don't we want
this to be done uh, the manual way.
So let's go now to the AWS console to create this bucket.
Okay.
So here I am in as my IAM user, as you can see from AI engineer over there, not editor I'm going to
come in, I'm going to search for S3 and go into S3.
And then I'm going to come down here to vector buckets and select vector buckets on the left to see
S3 vectors.
And here we go.
Now you won't see this because you won't have created it.
You have to press Create Vector bucket to create your vector bucket.
And the name you should give it should be hyphen vectors hyphen.
And then your account ID because it's got to be unique.
Unique.
The the uh S3 buckets have uh global Namespace.
So they need to be unique across all users.
So this is a good way to do it.
If for some reason your one is taken, someone else has taken a bucket with this name exact name with
your account ID, then just pick a different number.
Uh, put a put a letter at the end of it.
That's fine.
You just need to be put somewhere safe for you.
Um, I think they have to be unique across one, one region.
Uh, so, uh, then if you if you follow the instructions, it explains that you set up that as your
bucket name.
Uh, you keep the default encryption, you then have to come in and set up a index.
Uh, and it has to have 384 dimensions.
You need to get that right, because that's the number of dimensions in the all mini LLM, L6, v2 model
and the distance metrics.
How it judges whether vectors are similar should be cosine, the cosine similarity calculation which
is the most common one uh, and call it financial research.
So if we come back into my screen, you'll see that if I click in on Alex Vectors, I do indeed have
one index.
It's called financial research.
It's been set up and it's running and you should have the same.
So we are now going to deploy a lambda function.
And it's a lambda function called ingest.
And let's take a look at what ingest does.
It's in its own folder in backend called ingest.
And if we look in that folder you'll see that it's an entire UV project on its own.
Right.
It's got like a venv of its own, a virtual environment.
It's got a py project.toml in there, and it has an important Python module called ingest S3 vectors
py.
And let's just look at this for a second.
It's open right here.
So this is something which is basically it's it's one of these Python modules that has a lambda handler
function, which you may remember from week two.
Hopefully you remember from week two.
Uh, this is something that we'll be able to deploy and call as a serverless endpoint.
And it's something which is going to expect some text and it's going to write it out to S3.
Uh, so it, it looks in the environment for the name of a vector bucket for a SageMaker endpoint,
and for an index name that will be financial research if it's not specified.
And basically when this lambda handler is called, cold.
It's going to do just what it says on the tin.
It is going to change the text into a vector, and it's then going to store that vector in the S3 vectors
bucket.
It's going to do all of that operation.
That's it.
And that's coming under the lambda handler function in this module.
Now let's see how we deploy that.
So now I want to show you one other Python module in this in this directory in just called package.py
package.py is like a cross-functional Python script that will package up our lambda function and upload
it.
So how does it work?
Well, it creates a temporary directory called build and in build it first of all will will package
up everything that we need for this, this Python function, this lambda function.
So it copies in the ingest S3 vectors.py, which is the class we were just looking at the module we
were just looking at a second ago.
It then zips that up into a zip file, and that zip file is going to be called lambda Function dot zip.
And then it deletes the stuff that it had as a temporary directory.
So that's what package dot Pi does.
And this is a pretty standard kind of approach.
You write your Python module to do your function, and then you write something which will package it
up into a zip file and be able to upload it.
It's very similar to stuff we did in week two.
Now it's time to run it okay.
So bring up a new terminal window.
Here we go.
And now we're in the project root.
Let's go into backend and let's go into ingest.
Okay.
We're in ingest.
And now we're just going to UV run package dot Pi which is the module we were just looking at a second
ago.
And it's going to do the various print statements that you may have seen there.
And it's already happened.
It packaged up that lambda function.
It created a deployment package called Lambda function, which we should see right there.
Lambda function zip.
And it's about 15MB in size.
And it's ready.
Uh, and as it tells us, about 15 megs.
Okay.
It's now time for us to do the terraform part.