Okay, so now we just need to set up our Terraform.
So if you come into Terraform on the left here and you see that there's a third section three ingestion.
That's what we're working on right now.
And the first step is to set up our Terraform variables.
There's an existing file Terraform.tf example.
You can take this copy it, duplicate it to make your own Terraform dot which you're going to then update.
If we look in this, you'll see that you'll need to change the region to be whatever region you're using.
And then the SageMaker endpoint name.
It's by default Alex embedding endpoint.
And that should be what you already have.
If for some reason you had a different name of your endpoint, then that's what you should put in here.
And then you've set up your Terraform variables and your you're almost ready for action.
We should have a quick look at Main.tf, which is here, which is the Terraform code that creates this
infrastructure.
And what you'll see, it's got the usual providers stuff.
And then we have the Terraform code that gets everything set up.
There is the AWS S3 bucket and this has the bucket name of Alex vectors dash r account id.
If for any reason you had to choose a different one, then you would put that in here.
But otherwise this should work great.
This is the the default.
Uh, then um, we've got uh, the, the S3 bucket versioning.
We've got some configuration here for server side encryption.
Uh, and we've then got the IAM stuff that needs to be there so that Lambda has access, uh, and uh
policy.
And here is our AWS Lambda function called ingest.
The function name is Alex Ingest.
This is the role that we just created that it's it's IAM role that gives it access to to carry out the
functions it needs.
And this is where to find the zip file.
So you go up two directories, you go into back end ingest.
And then it's called lambda function zip.
That's what we create it.
And uh then we tell it what handle to use.
If you remember this from week two and we we give it a timeout of 60s.
And this is all that it needs to do what it needs to do.
We also set up an API gateway.
And this is where we're setting up a gateway called API that will be used to, to ingest, uh, and
you can read some of the, the uh, the parts what the routes that are supported by this API gateway
and using API gateway is a way to build bulletproof, secure production endpoints.
And, uh, you can read in here that, uh, how it's configured to be using our endpoint.
And, uh, you can see that we're setting up to have an API key.
We want to make sure that you can only use this endpoint if you have an approved API key.
And this is a way that we can also set quota and throttling around how much data is ingested.
So so take a look through these settings.
You can always ask an LLM to explain them in more detail if you'd like or do some research.
It's another great rabbit hole.
But this kind of approach of setting an API key that we'll have to retrieve in a second and use as part
of our configuration, and having a quota and throttling around an endpoint like this.
This is the kind of bulletproof way to build production endpoints that scale.
Okay, so to recap, we've set our configuration variables the AWS region and the SageMaker endpoint
name.
And now it's time for us to run Terraform init Terraform.
Apply those two commands.
Let's open a new terminal.
Let's go into the terraform directory.
Let's go into the third directory.
Here we are terraform init.
I've already run it so it's not going to do too much for me.
There it goes.
And Terraform apply.
It's now going to go off and create all of the resources we just looked at.
Uh it does a plan and we have to type the word yes to confirm that that's what we want to build.
It's now going to be creating the IAM permissions.
It's then going to be creating the lambda function itself and uploading that zip file and setting up
the handler.
It's also then going to be setting up the API gateway so that we have this kind of bulletproof thing
and security and scalability constraints around our endpoint.
And when this is done, I'll be right back and we'll be able to give it a try.
And now I just wanted to make a point.
It's already it ran almost immediately after I stopped recording that.
I want to make a point that you may be thinking, hang on a minute, hang on a minute.
All this Terraform stuff you're showing us.
Isn't that what the point of this course?
Isn't this what I have to learn how to write myself?
And?
And you could be forgiven for thinking that.
And what I will say to you is that it is remarkable how good llms are at generating Terraform code to
configure different things that you want doing that you can then go through and check.
So I have to say that that's the way that I built a lot of this.
I went and I described the resources I needed and I got the Terraform code, the resources written immediately,
and I checked through them.
And then I do the kinds of double checking of things that I need to do.
But because you should always check out Llms.
But it turns out that they are really great at of this now, so there's little point in me going through
and giving you all the nitty gritty of setting up the different resources and what attributes are allowed
and not allowed.
There are good docs for that, but you don't even need them.
You can just use an LLM to generate the first pass of your Terraform scripts, and then run them and
check that everything's configured the way you want.
That's the way to do it.
Okay.
Anyway, with that preamble, let's have a look at what it's outputted.
It's told us a few things.
It's told us the vector bucket, which is the vector bucket that we expected the API endpoint.
This is our API endpoint.
And it's also told us an instruction for how we can get our private API key.
So if we look on here we'll see that it says uh, what we now need to do is save our configuration in
our EMV file.
And the first thing we need to do is run this bit of code here.
You can see it's of that form.
We need to run this code to get our private API key.
So I'm not going to run it because it will then show you my private API key which would be very insecure
practice.
So you should run that and it will immediately print below it an API key.
Uh, and then we need to update our EMV file.
Uh, and you can use this is like a mac instruction.
So that that wouldn't be good for a PC, but it's equally easy and I recommend you do it simply using
the file browser here.
So you go to the project root and find your EMV file, and you click on it to edit it, and you need
to add in three rows.
You'll find already in the part three section in your EMV file.
Already vector bucket needs to be the vector bucket.
That's right here.
Alex API endpoint needs to be the Alex API endpoint that's right here.
See how convenient this is?
And Alex API key is what you will get when you run this right here.
When you run it it's going to give you the API key, the private API key for this endpoint.
And that's what you need to put next in your dot EMV file.
And remember you can always come back and see this by running Terraform output in the future.
So with that please go ahead and do that.
Set up your EMV file and I'll see you right back here.