Okay, I have done that and I hope you have too.
And remember, every time that you do this deploy in step three, it is going to recreate another API
key.
So you would have to do that again with the latest endpoint and API key.
But now it is time for us to test test what's happened and make sure that this works by running some
test scripts.
And the test scripts are in the back end folder in ingest.
There's a there's a couple of scripts we'll use test ingest S3 vectors is going to run a test for us
and then test search S3 vectors is going to search to see what's in there.
And there is also another little one here that might be useful called cleanup S3 vectors that will delete
anything that's there if you want to start absolutely fresh.
Uh, so uh, I am going to begin now.
And actually it suggests that you start by doing an ingest.
But I suggest that we start by doing a search to make absolutely sure that it's going to be empty to
start with, and then it's going to be populated.
So before I do anything, I'm going to begin by running UV run test search S3 vectors just to show you
what we get.
If we run this, it's found no results at all.
You can see if we just look at this.
It lists all vectors.
It's found none.
And then it does some searches for a few to see what's closest to electric vehicles and sustainable
transportation.
And it finds no results, nothing for any of these topics.
Uh, and it found nothing here, which is what we'd expect, because it's all just been freshly created.
Okay.
So now we're going to run this UV run test, ingest S3 vectors.
Let's just look at what this test does.
Look at it here.
So it is going to uh call call our uh our endpoint and ingest a document.
And uh, let's just see what it's going to ingest.
It's going to ingest some text about Tesla Inc, Ink, some text about Amazon, a multinational technology
company, and some text about Nvidia.
So those three documents are going to be pumped through our Lambda endpoint to see whether or not those
end up in our S3 vectors data store.
So with that, it's time for us to do UV run test ingest S3 vectors.
Let's give this a shot.
Well something happened.
It appeared to run.
Now we see whether it's actually there.
Okay, so now we're going to run test search S3 vectors again and see if we find any information about
any of those topics.
Well we do.
You can see right away.
That's cool.
So uh, when we got back results, it found three results.
Uh, it found the Amazon.com stuff, the Nvidia corporation and the Tesla.
Uh, and you can see, since we only had three vectors in there that it found That for?
For each of them.
So, uh, that's that's great.
Uh, uh.
Test worked.
We have successfully deployed now a lambda function.
That's our ingest lambda function that can be called with text.
And when it's called with text, it will then go off to our SageMaker endpoints.
It will turn the text into vectors.
And it will store those vectors in a vector data store in S3 vectors a bucket that we have there.
And on top of this we have this API, this this gateway that has an API key.
And it has various scalability constraints to make sure that we we use the right amount of resources.
So this has been deployed in a bulletproof way.
It's been automatically deployed using Terraform.
And our test scripts have worked well.
So so far we're in great shape.
And if you scroll a little bit down in the guide, in the setup guide you'll see there's also an architecture
diagram.
That's again a slightly more detailed version than the simplistic one on.
On the slides you can see that we've got our client, which in this case is just a test script, is
calling the API gateway using a key that we've set up, a secret key, which is our way of adding security
to this process.
And that is then calling a lambda function that we deployed.
We created a zip locally and uploaded that zip.
That lambda function is able to call a SageMaker endpoint that we configured.
That's using the all mini lm, l6 v2 model, which then creates 384 dimensional vectors representing
the text that it's called with, and that that vector is then stored in S3 vectors in our Alex bucket.
Uh, and uh, that is our data ingest pipeline put together.
Well, this is great.
It's all coming together.
That is day four complete.
Uh, week three, day four.
We have just built our ingest pipeline with, uh, being able to call a lambda function that we use
to get some data in and vectorize it by calling SageMaker endpoint, and then putting that vector into
S3 vectors data store.
And tomorrow we take it a step further by adding in the source of our data, an agent that's able to
gather data.
It will be using an MCP server to do that.
Playwright MCP server getting data.
It will be then sending that data to our ingest lambda function.
And that's really going to put together this kind of end to end data pipes.
And the data engineers amongst you will be thinking of all sorts of ways you could add to that with
things like ETL tooling that hopefully we'll talk about briefly.
So tomorrow's a big day.
I can't wait for it.
But first we should celebrate that we are 70% of the way through 70% on the way to production expertise.
I felt like just the other day we were like 20% and now it's it's we're somehow soon be approaching
the end game.
So but but not before a really meaty day.
I have in store for you tomorrow and I'll see you then.