Well, I don't understand where all the time has gone.
How can we already be at day five of week three?
Well, we're at a crucial moment.
We've got tons to do today.
It is our third purple day in a row full of AI.
We are completing the data pipeline side of our Alex Capstone project, and this time we're going to
be using an agent.
We're using OpenAI agents SDK, and we're going to be having it have an MCP server.
Let's get into it.
And like you need a reminder of what Alex is.
You know well that Alex is our financial planner.
That can be a SaaS product one day.
And what we built so far, we built a SageMaker endpoint that can take text and turn it into vectors.
And we built an ingest lambda function, lambda function called ingest that can vectorize text using
that endpoint and store it in S3 vectors.
And what we're going to do today is create an agent called researcher that's able to carry out some
research.
It's going to use OpenAI agents SDK, as I say, and MCP server to with playwright to to browse the
internet, do some research and then call our ingest lambda function.
And the way we're going to do it is similar to the way that we had MCP servers on days one and two of
this week when when we built things in Azure and GCP, we used the container.
We used their equivalent of App Runner uh, to have uh, something which could spawn an MCP server inside
that container.
And we're going to use the same approach today and say a few words about data engineering.
It's another topic that I'm really only scratching the surface of.
Data engineering itself could be an entire course or a series of courses, as could front end, as could
Docker, as could so many things that we touch on Terraform, for sure.
Uh, so what is data engineering?
Well, it's really a whole discipline around building data pipes that, that are, that are bulletproof
and that can scale.
Uh, and it's probably a lot more than that.
Data engineer is probably saying, but it's also, uh, so, so some of the things it involves is what's
known as ETL, extract, transform and load, which is about really bringing a data source, mapping
it to being in a target representation and then loading it into the the the the place where models will
be able to use it.
Uh, it's also about using many of the scalable data processing frameworks that you hear about.
So Spark and Beam are some of them.
You may have heard of that allow you to make use of distributed compute to to do things like ETL, massive
data sets very quickly and in a way that can be repeated and the things that fail will be retried and
so on.
Uh, often real time as data flows in, it goes through these frameworks and gets transformed, or some
of them run in batch mode.
And then another thing which which data engineers might work on is known as the medallion architecture.
This is an example of a real sort of enterprise grade data architecture, where you bring in data and
you transform it and store it in three different versions of it.
Bronze is the kind of source data as it came in in its raw form.
Silver is after you've normalized it and mapped it, transformed it into a consistent format right,
for your systems.
And then gold is the final versions in data stores that are ready to be consumed.
So this kind of staging area approach is an example of a real enterprise scale data engineering architecture.
So this gives you a sort of a slight sense of data engineering.
The pipes that we're building are relatively straightforward.
We've got an agent that is a sort of source of data.
We've got the the ingest that's then responsible for vectorizing it, which is a bit of a transform.
And then we are storing that in S3 vectors.
But you can imagine you could have these different lambda functions handing over to each other and having
like a, like a pipeline of different steps in which the data is cleansed and perhaps brought through
this kind of bronze, silver, gold staging before it's put in the final database, ready for our model.
So that gives you just just a feel for data engineering.
But by all means, do some more research.
If this interests you and you'd like to know more about it.
And if you are a data engineer and you've got lots more to say, then by all means add to the Q&amp;A on
Udemy and share anything else that you consider part of the of the data engineering profession.
And then just to bring you back to the architecture we built last time, this is the simplified architecture
of what we're doing here.
The ingest function we built that cause SageMaker and stores in the vectors.
It's that part at the top there that I just brought to the surface, which is what we'll be working
on today.
We're actually going to have the scheduler, something that wakes up every two hours and it is going
to kick off.
It's actually going to call the lambda function.
That is going to kick off.
Our researcher in App Runner.
And our researcher in App Runner will use a frontier model in bedrock, which it's going to use to then
call our ingest function.
So this is how it's all going to fit together.
That researcher we're going to use OpenAI agents SDK.
It's going to have an MCP server that's going to be the playwright MCP server that people on my course
will remember fondly.
That's going to be running all within a container.
We will build the container locally and then deploy it, and we'll use Terraform to do it.
And that's enough chit chat.
Let's let's go to the lab.
Let's go and build this.