And we're back in cursor and we're back in Project Alex.
And we're going into the guides folder, and we're going to the fourth guide to get this show on the
road.
So before starting make sure we've done guides 1 to 3.
We certainly have.
And what we're doing today is we're going to be building the Researcher service, an app runner app
that is going to use OpenAI agents SDK to orchestrate agents.
It's going to use AWS bedrock, and we're going to be using an MCP server, a playwright MCP server
to search the internet for a given topic.
And we will then ingest that topic.
We will convert it to a vector, store it in S3 vectors using our ingest service.
Uh, that is what I have in store for you.
But first we have to request access to the right bedrock models.
Remember when we did this before?
We're going to do it again to get some new models.
And here's the thing.
So the model that we're going to use is going to be exciting.
It's going to be the new ish open source model from OpenAI called OSS 120, but there's a few catches
with this.
One of them is that that model, at least as of today, is only available on US West two, a particular
region.
So we're going to have to set it up in that region to have access to it.
But there is a second catch, which is a slightly more tiresome one, which is that I had this whole
thing working two weeks ago beautifully.
But just in the last few days, there's been a bug introduced in bedrock.
That means that it won't work with this model.
Uh, it doesn't allow tool calling on the OSS 120 model, which is very tiresome.
Now, I'm rather hoping that by the time you take this, that will have been fixed and the code will
show OSS 120 B, so I'm still going to show you how to set it up.
But for now, for when I show it to you, I'm going to be using the Nova model because that one is working.
And I'll have code which allows us to switch between the two so you can pick whichever one works best.
And of course, you've already requested access to Nova in the twin weeks, so you already have that
one set up anyway.
All right.
But for now, we're going to go back to the AWS console.
I'm going to go in as root, and we're going to go and request access to the this model OSS 120.
And I'll also show you the Nova model as well, which I'll keep in in US East one for me.
Uh, but and you should keep that in your region.
Let's let's go right now to the AWS console as root.
And here I am signed in to the AWS console.
And you can check out that I'm in there as root.
And since you're in those root this would be another one of those moments to why not go and check out
the cost and the billing and cost management to make sure your budget is just as you expect it.
But we won't do that again now because I've done that enough.
Instead, we will go to bedrock.
Let's go straight to bedrock.
Here it is Amazon bedrock.
And the first thing I want to show you, you can see up there it's already showing the region is us
East.
Let's change the region to be US West two, which is where the largest number of models are available.
I do believe here they are.
So this is showing all of the models.
It's even mentioning to us that that, uh, GPT OS one, TB and TB are available in Amazon bedrock.
It's not mentioning that there are these problems with it right now.
Uh, but, uh, there we go.
Hopefully they'll they'll have gone, as I say.
So put this to to Oregon to us West two, come down here to model access on the bottom left.
Click here.
And then you press Modify Model Access.
And these checkboxes appear here.
And this is where you can scroll down and find somewhere down here OpenAI OS 120 b.
And you might as well request access to 20 B as well.
Request access by ticking both of those boxes, and then you would press the button on the bottom right
I believe there it is next.
And then you would you would request that.
And in my experience, the OS model was was approved almost instantly.
And at the same time, just in case you skipped this before, go to your region, which for me is US
East one and make sure you press Modify Model Access.
Find the Amazon models.
Here they are.
Nova Pro, light and Micro.
Make sure these three are checked unless it already says Access granted.
Then check those boxes.
Go back down to the bottom and next and request that access.
And that should definitely be instant.
And at the end of that you will now have access to Amazon's Nova models in US East one.
Hopefully you don't need them.
And also the OSS one, A-20b and A-20b open source models available in US West two.
And when you have that access, I will give you a second to do that and then we will reconvene.
All right.
So hopefully now the proud owner of Approved Model Access don't let the power go to your head.
So some quick notes about this.
Uh, the OSS models only available at least as of now in US West two.
Your app runner service can be in any region.
Mine will be in US East one and it will connect across US West two.
That is not a problem.
And if you're using the the Nova models in the same region, that's great too.
Uh, this is not the same as as as like GPT models.
These are these are free open source and bedrock handles the key.
Okay.
Next up we're going to make a quick change to the dot env file.
The dot env file already has the API endpoint and the API key that we set back.
In part three we're going to add in the OpenAI API key your own OpenAI API key uh, which which you
should take from another env file that you have somewhere and put it in here.
Replace the src dot dot dot with your true OpenAI API key.
And you might be wondering why on earth do we need to do that?
We're going through bedrock.
Bedrock already handles this sort of key stuff.
Well.
The reason is because we're still going to be we're going to be using the OpenAI agents SDK in order
to connect to bedrock, because we want to use that agent power.
Uh, and OpenAI agents SDK comes with that tracing functionality, you remember out of the box.
But to be able to see those traces in the platform, you do have to have a key set.
I don't believe you need to spend any money at all, you can have zero balance.
But in order to be able to log in and see your traces, you need to have your OpenAI API key set.
And so that's the only reason we're doing it.
No, no money will be spent.
It's only there to allow us to trace.
So with that we are ready to start building our Terraform infrastructure.
Okay.
And the first step is let's open a terminal window.
We're going to navigate to the Terraform for researcher directory.
So Terraform for researcher okay.
And now in this directory there's going to be this Terraform.tf example I can show you this here too.
Let's go into the Terraform directory into four.
And you'll see that there is this Terraform.tf example.
And I also already have this file that you will not yet have.
And when you run this copy command, it's going to copy the example file into your TF vars okay.
And into this file you are going to set these five fields here.
So first of all you're going to set your AWS region.
This is not yet your bedrock the one you're using for OSS.
We will come back to that.
We're going to code that somewhere specifically.
This is just your default AWS region that you use.
Next up your OpenAI API key.
You just put that in your env file.
You need to put it here as well.
Next up your API endpoint and your API key.
Take them from the env file and put them in here in this format.
In this Terraform format with quotes with with exactly as it is here.
And then finally the last one here.
Leave it as it already is in the file scheduler enabled equals false.
This is where we're going to to build infrastructure to wake up every two hours and kick this process
off.
But we're going to start with it off, and we're going to turn it on at the end and see it in all its
glory.
All right.
So go ahead and do all of that and I will do it with mine.
And I'll see you in a second.