Well, hopefully you're feeling pretty satisfied with how everything's holding together.
We've got a quite sophisticated data pipeline in action, and you're hopefully seeing it working and
understanding what's going on.
And there's some more things for you to test that will give you even deeper understanding.
Uh, looking at checking the health health routes and, and doing some other, more specific tests.
But then we've got to the final way.
We're going to make it just one step more complicated.
And to show you that I'm going to bring up an architecture diagram, uh, which you will find in the
guide.
So let's go over here into guides and open up architecture.
And I just want to summarize.
This is the more granular version of that simple architecture diagram I showed you, which is showing
you the different pieces in place.
We are going to set up something called an EventBridge scheduler, which is an AWS service which is
able to carry out respond to events.
And one of the simplest ones is to do something after every period of time, like like a cron job.
And we're going to do it every two hours, and it can kick off a lambda function.
And we're going to have a very simple lambda function called Alex Scheduler, and its only job is basically
to call research auto.
It is going to kick off an app runner run, just like the one we kicked off a moment ago that we know
with my setup is only going to work half the time, but hopefully with your setup works every time and
will do for me once the bedrock issue is resolved and I'm back to OSS.
Uh, so, uh, that's going to kick off every two hours and that is going, going, going to call research
auto do that every two hours.
And that is then going to follow the exactly the process that we have built.
Uh, it calls app runner.
App runner is is running our agent.
Our agent uses bedrock hopefully for you and shortly for me.
It's using OSS one A-20b and being reliable on us West two.
And it is then going to be calling the, uh, the the API gateway with the rest API with this private
key that for security purposes, we've put this API key in.
Um, it's going to be doing that.
Uh, it's going to be doing that based on the results of this research that is going to be calling our
lambda ingest function that we built two days ago now, and that is going to vectorize using SageMaker
and store that in S3.
So this is the full architecture diagram with these two pieces up here as the last pieces to be built.
And hopefully now this architecture diagram completely is clicking for you.
And you're familiar with all of these components.
All right.
With that let's get some scheduling.
So here I am in the guides I'm in guide for step six enable automated research.
And this is marked as optional because this will kick off our flow every two hours.
And so there will be a small charge associated with this.
And so only do this if you're comfortable with that.
Or you could run it for a bit and then turn it off.
Uh so we're going to enable the automated research.
And the way to do it is very simple.
You go into your terraform.tf vars file in Terraform directory in for researcher there is the file.
The last line of that file should right now say scheduler enabled equals false.
And change that to true.
and I just did that before I pressed record.
So that has happened already.
And once you've done that, all you need to do is run terraform, apply again.
Uh, so we go back in here, we will go to, uh, back back to, to this directory Terraform and back
into the fourth directory.
And we just simply run terraform.
Apply again.
It seems ridiculously easy.
There must be more to it than this.
Uh, and while it's doing its thing, I'm going to say yes.
I'm going to show you the Terraform code while it's running so you can see what it's actually going
to be doing.
If we look in here, you will see that the, uh, last few sections of this is the AWS, uh, scheduler.
And you can see here that it's based on whether the, uh, the scheduler is enabled, whether actually
go ahead and create this or not.
That's what makes this be created.
The Alex research schedule, uh, it's being set to be every two hours.
And its target is to call a lambda function called scheduler, and this is the lambda function that
sets up that, that that lambda function.
Uh, this is the IAM related stuff and that is it.
And it is happened.
And it says here automated research is running every two hours.
So just like that, we have kicked it off.
Uh, and at this point you will have to take it on leap of Faith.
At this point, uh, you will leave this running and you will come back later and look in your traces
and you will see that it is running every two hours.
And the evidence that I have for it for you now is what you saw in my traces.
You saw all of those, uh, previous runs that had happened after I kicked this off.
And you will have that same experience yourself.
It is now running.
You have a live data ingest pipe every two hours.
It's waking up, it's doing some research, and it's then calling that whole architecture we were just
looking at to bring that through your data pipes and ultimately end up with that in S3 vectors.
And you can imagine how you could extend this to so many scenarios where you're collecting information
from different sources on a regular cadence and then putting it through your data pipes.
So this is a great example of a production grade data ingest pipeline with agents, with MCP, with
lambda functions, and also with App Runner.
And it doesn't feel real unless I can show you the evidence.
And so I changed the schedule to run every ten minutes instead of every two hours.
And I've gone into the traces right here.
We're in openai.com logs which, which you can also get by going to dashboard and then clicking logs
and then clicking traces.
We are seeing the tracing coming from OpenAI agents SDK.
Sure enough you can see if you look down here that every ten minutes my researcher has been running.
And if we click into one of these we get to see the trace.
We get to see it's navigated using its MCP server, looked at a few web pages, clicked on a few things,
and it's ended by calling the tool ingests financial document, passing the text over to our ingest
pipes.
And so that is it working in the wild.
Let's just go and check and see that it has actually been storing documents.
And so back in cursor I'm now going to go into backend and into the ingest directory.
You may remember that we have a test search Python script that looks in our vector store and tells us
what we've got there.
Last time I think we had maybe three in there.
Let's see what we have now.
So we will do uh, UV test search, I think.
There we go.
Let's run this and see what happens.
All right.
There's a bunch of stuff in here.
Uh, let's go up to the top of this.
Uh, so, um, it's, uh, found, uh, ten vectors in the index.
So stuff has been put in there.
Uh, and, uh, here we go.
Lots of interesting things have been going in there.
Three results for one search, three results for another, three results for another search.
Uh, and, uh, yeah.
Clearly there is more information in here.
This is working.
It's running every ten minutes.
Stuff is going in.
Let's take a final look in the AWS console itself, and then we will call it a wrap.
And so here I am in the AWS console logged in as AI engineer.
Let's look for App Runner.
There it is.
We want to find the researcher.
It's right there.
We'll go into it.
Here it is.
We'll see when it got deployed.
And then we can say view in CloudWatch to bring up the logs in CloudWatch.
And we'll be able to look at what's going on.
And what you'll see is that, oh wait this is this is the metrics for the uh for the deployment.
Hang on.
Let's go back here again.
Let's look at the application logs.
View the application logs in CloudWatch.
Now let's see if this shows us this log stream right here.
This should show us.
Yep.
This is showing us the stream of log messages from our agent.
And what you'll see is that this has been successful.
Sometimes sometimes it's having a max turns exceeded error because I've got my my total number of turns
set to ten.
I think I'll make that up to 20 before I push the final version of this.
But but, uh, also, it's almost certainly because this slightly inferior Nova model is struggling
to stick to its directions, to try and do things quickly.
And so it's just keeping on fussing away until it's done more than ten turns, so you can look back
through the logs to see examples of where things are working well and where they're getting in trouble.
There's a couple of other times I saw higher up when it gets stuck because a browser page is taking
too long.
So there's other things that can be corrected for.
I think it's this one right here.
Uh, so, uh, you can look back and see that it's running.
See, it's running every ten minutes.
See the ones that are getting successfully stored.
And use that to satisfy yourself that your agent is running.
Uh, and these are the different places that you would go to to observe your agent in production.
You would look at the app runner log events to see what your Python code is logging.
And then within OpenAI you go to traces to look at the detailed metrics about your agent operating in
production.
So I would say we can say that we could tie a bow on the ingest pipes and say, this has been a success.