And there we have it.
The last test was successful, which concludes our five remote tests of each of our agents by calling
their serverless functions running on Lambda.
And it remains for us now to do a proper full end to end test by going into the back end folder and
running this thing called test full.
So what does that do?
Well, let's let's just first cue ourselves up CD back end.
Uh, actually what I might do is run it and then talk about it.
So you've run test underscore full pi.
Let's leave this running.
Off it goes.
Let me show you what it actually does.
This is test dot pi.
Here it is.
So it starts by setting up some data.
If it doesn't already exist, but the data is already there.
It then looks for a particular queue called Alex Analysis Jobs, which is an SQS queue, and it checks
that it's there.
And then it basically calls send message to SQS.
So we are putting a message on the queue with a job ID on it, and then we have sent it and that's what
happens.
And then we monitor what's going on.
So so this is how it works.
This is how we put something on SQS.
And we let that be picked up by our planner agent that is running out there on Lambda.
So we'll let this do its thing.
And I will see you in a minute back here.
And that has completed.
And by the way, if you were thinking a moment ago.
But hang on, isn't that just how the test full in planner works anyway?
The answer is yes it is.
I know, but but but it seems more important if we run it from from the parent directory and the test
gives more output and prints more.
So.
So that's why, uh, so here it is, the job completed successfully.
It gives you the results of the analysis, the report that was generated, the executive summary, uh,
and the job details at the end, and that it took a minute and a half for me.
And so that is a completed end to end test.
Uh, and, uh, so there you have it.
Uh, there are some, some more tests in here.
Uh, and, uh, actually, I think I might have, I might have deleted that one because there was too
many test files, so I might remove this, uh, but, uh, but you can always write that yourself.
You could write a test.
Multiple accounts.
Uh, should you should you wish.
But never fear, we will be doing that ourselves in anger next time.
Uh, so, uh, I know this this feels a bit abstract because everything we've been running has been
behind the scenes.
And should you wish you could go into AWS console, take a look at CloudWatch and see some evidence
that things really have been happening.
The only reason I'm not doing that now is because of course, in two days time we have observability
and we're going to be really digging in to see everything that's been going on.
So for the time being, we have to trust that our test class is being honest when it says that all these
things have happened, that six visualizations really were created by that agent running on the cloud,
called by another agent.
Also running on the cloud are different lambda functions on the internet called each other, and our
agents collaborated to produce this financial planning analysis.
All right.
Let's go back to the slides to wrap up.
So I promised you a big day and hopefully you agreed I delivered.
It was a big day.
We got a ton done.
We built out this this Lambda deployment with agents deployed to serverless functions, calling other
agents, deployed serverless functions, and orchestrating themselves in production on the internet
between different AWS services.
Exciting stuff.
And tomorrow we bring it to life with a front end.
So you'll actually see this happening.
It's going to be really, really great.
And that brings us to the 85% point.
So much is happening and I.
Today.
Today you really earned that 5%.
It was a big 5%.
Uh, and tomorrow's going to be super satisfying, I hope I hope you're excited for it.
And by that point, we will get you to 90% as we get to the very final stretch of you having the expertise
to be able to deliver AI at production grade.