And welcome back.
I am, I am looking forward to today.
It is week four.
It is day three.
It is the day that we complete the build out of the capstone project by adding on the front end.
It's not the end of the capstone project because we still have to make it enterprise grade, but it's
going to be a lot more built out in the course of the next day.
So one more time to remind you what Alex, the financial planner, is, although I think you're pretty
familiar with this now, SaaS commercial application to be a financial planner with a subscription ability
for users.
We built the research agent last week, and then two days ago, we built out the database capability
using Aurora V2, serverless.
And yesterday, which was a big day.
Yesterday, we built out five different agents running on Lambda to orchestrate the process of doing
financial planning for one of our users.
And today we're going to be adding the front end.
But when I say front end, I really mean like the front end and the back end, the front end and the
API layer that it will call to.
And you're pretty familiar with the agent diagram by now, but I'm going to show it to you one more
time.
And I do hope by now this is really clicking.
Yesterday we built those four.
There's four.
There's five blue boxes in the middle.
The agent deployment the planner that orchestrated amongst the tagger which remember was through more
of a workflow, just a series of Python code to orchestrate the calling of tagger many times and then
using tools, calling out to reporter, charter and retirement.
We also built that yellow queue, the SQS.
We built the ability to have a queue.
That planner listened on and we tested that out.
And of course, all of them used Bedrock Frontier model running on bedrock.
We're using Nova.
Hopefully you're trying out OSS 120 and it's using our database Aurora serverless v2.
And you'll note what I haven't included on this diagram is that of course it was tapping into everything
we did last week.
We also had SageMaker and bedrock that way in the mix as well.
So there's a whole side of this which is layered on the on the right, perhaps that I'm not showing
here as well that you hopefully have in the back of your mind too.
And again, I want to make the point that one of the things that makes this production grade is that
we didn't just take a piece of software that had, like OpenAI agents SDK code, using tools to call
other agents in one runner in one await runner run.
Uh, but rather the way it worked is that each of those tool calls resulted in a call to a different
lambda serverless function.
So really, you can imagine each of these blue boxes, each of these agents is like a totally separate,
uh, API.
It's a totally separate deployed service running serverless on AWS.
And the tool calls in planner were able to call out to different Lambda functions, and it didn't need
to be an agent that could have just been Python code, or it could have been doing something completely
different.
It didn't know that.
It just knew it was using its tool.
But this approach of deploying each agent as is a separate lambda.
Serverless function, is A, is a is an excellent, scalable approach and a very common approach for
deploying production strength agentic systems.
Okay, so hopefully you've already got that one.
I really hammered at home 100 times.
Uh, and you've seen it in the code and hopefully that's all clicking for you.
So what are we doing today?
We are of course adding on these two things.
On the top left there.
We're adding on our front end, which is going to be a Next.js app that we will we will deploy, we
will put that Next.js app.
We will we will make it create a static website, and then we will deploy that to S3.
And then we will make a CloudFront distribution so that it's pushed out to, to the internet.
We'll also have a backend API, another Lambda function that can that can be something that the front
end can call to in order to populate itself.
And of course I'm not showing it here, but that that Lambda API can also, uh, query the Aurora serverless
database, of course, to retrieve information that will be shown in the UI.
So that's how this all fits together.
And you hopefully remember as well that one of the technicalities that's that's that's difficult is
we have to be careful about cause about making sure that we've got the right cross origin setup so that
that browser, that front end has the authority to be calling the back end.
And there's another technicality that you also hopefully remember.
It won't be directly calling Lambda.
It will be calling the API gateway.
And the API gateway is definitely the way to do this in an enterprise robust way, because it's something
that we can configure with with rate limiting and throttling to make sure that that API isn't abused.
So we'll be doing that as well.
It's all great best practices.
Let's get to it.
And here we are back in cursor the Alix project, which are the project we'll be in.
And we're going to go into guides and we're going to guide seven front end.
Open the preview.
Here it is building Alex's front end.
So here's another of these diagrams that is a little bit more detailed than the one I had before.
You can see a few things which are worth pointing out.
One is of course, we're bringing back Clark.
I didn't even mention that in the previous diagram, but we're going to have Clark to be doing our auth,
which we know well from all the way back in week one.
Uh, and then our web pages will be deployed through the CloudFront distribution.
Uh, the CDN stands for Content delivery network is what sort of thing CloudFront is.
Uh, and, uh, in order to get that data, it will be using static files.
It will have put in an S3 bucket.
And when it makes the when the browser makes the backend requests, they'll be coming through API gateway.
And that will be coming through to our Lambda.
And that will be putting trigger on the SQS queue which is calling our agents.
And all of this is getting data from Aurora.
So that is what we have.
And the first step is to get going with Clark.
And there I have some good news.
So the instructions tell you how to go to the clerk dashboard and set up a new subscription plan account
for users to come into your product.
But of course, the good news is that none of that is necessary, because we already did this in week
one for the SaaS application, and we can reuse exactly the same setup.
Just it's just called SaaS.
And you can always change change the name in the future if you want to.
But for now, let's just stick with what we've got.
So you could, if you want, go into the dashboard and set up a new account there or a new application.
But why not just open the SaaS repo that you built before?
Go to the env file and find your various keys.
And now we can just configure that for ourselves now.
So you need to create a file in the front end directory.
So in this directory there needs to be a file called env.
Be careful about this.
And that needs to to look like this.
It needs to have a next public plug publishable key with the PK.
That's the public one.
Next.
Sorry.
Then just Clark's secret key with the secret key that begins ESC.
And then just copy and paste in the rest of this so that it's got those other variables set.
So be sure this needs to be called EMV and it needs to be right there in front end, not in the parent
but in front end in our app.
So go and do that and then we will move on to, to uh, getting close to a moment of truth.
The next step is to edit the EMV file in the Alex, the root directory, the project root.
So this is a server environment variable and put in that Clark JDBC URL.
You remember that, uh, take the one that you actually have from week one.
Take it and put it in that file.
Or you can always go, if you already cleared out that repo, then of course you can go to the Clark
app and take it from there.
Uh, and there are the instructions of where to find it, but that URL needs to go in your EMV file.
And with that, we should be ready to put the show on the road.
Uh, let's go do this.