Okay.
Not so fast.
I hear what you're saying.
Before we launch it, we should at least look at the code for a second.
We should at least see what is it that we're going to be launching.
So let's just take a quick look in front end.
So you'll notice right away the word pages there, which is your clue that we are using the pages router,
not the app router.
You remember those two different ones.
And the reason we're using pages is because, again, I don't know if you remember from week one that
I discovered that Clark, when you're using it with a static website, needs to use the pages router.
It's not ready for the router.
So we look in pages.
You may remember the familiar underscore app TSX.
Uh, and we've got a bunch of things going on here.
And you can take a look through this code.
Again.
It's going to be a tailwind app.
It's again TypeScript version just like we had in week one.
And whilst this isn't a course about building user interfaces, you can look through some of this.
But this is what I will tell you.
You remember I said that I had the experience with Claude code in yesterday building the agents, which
was pretty frustrating and I lost my temper a little bit.
Sorry.
You got to worry.
When.
When, uh, when the overlords take over?
Uh, when when when when Claude rules the roost.
Uh, I hope it's not able to look back and see some of the things I said to it, because I'm going to
be in big trouble.
You guys are gonna have to bail me out.
You tell tell tell her that it's not what I'm normally like.
Anyway, uh, the Claude code experience with the server side code was, was was, uh, hit and miss,
and I got very frustrated.
The front end experience was extremely different.
And maybe it's because I'm a terrible front end developer, but.
But I don't think so.
Uh, generally speaking, the code quality was excellent, and it was just it was just spot on with
the back end.
It would make mistake after mistake with the front end.
It built really quickly and I only need to give it some fine tuning around, changes I wanted to make
or some some aspects of the page that seemed a bit janky.
Uh, and it picked it up really quickly.
So one thing I will say to you, if you're not a front end developer, then it's not a problem because
cloud code can do a really fantastic job.
Or the cursor agent.
Anytime I say cloud code, the cursor agent can can can achieve the same thing.
So you still have to give it direction.
You still have to explain.
But I didn't have to describe how to do the pages like the the code that you'll see in here from, from
obviously this is the, the high level one which uses the same cloud provider you remember from before.
Um, and but if we go into, uh, document and then into, say accounts, you'll see all of this here.
It's very nicely done.
It's, it's, uh, extremely clean.
It's using all of the tailwind classes.
It's using a color scheme that I laid out.
I gave it the brand colors to use.
I described the style, um, and it's built each of these different sections.
And as I say, I'm not I'm not planning to go through this front end code with you, especially as I
didn't write it.
Uh, but I do recommend you at least look at how it's structured and organized to give you these these
cues.
And bear in mind that I'm a horrible front end developer.
I didn't write any of this.
I finessed it from, uh, in a very small way.
This was largely Lem generated, and it just shows you what you're able to achieve.
So this is all in pages, and there's also a separate directory for looking up a particular account.
This is the account details page.
Um, and you'll also see you'll see the different the main nav which is going to be dashboard and then
accounts and then advisor team and then analysis.
Those are going to be the four main navigations that you will see.
Uh, and uh, like in the index page is the, the uh, the home screen.
Uh, so as I say, all created by doing, uh, some interactions with AI agents to generate this, but
but I gave it a color scheme.
I said, we need the pages, router, Next.js app.
Uh, it did the rest.
Okay.
that's enough.
Intro.
It's time now for us to run the good old, uh, npm install and get this running.
Okay, so here we go.
I'm bringing up a new screen here.
I'm going to CD into front end.
Front end I'm excited.
Jittery.
All right.
So now we're going to type npm install which for me will be very quick.
But for you will take longer.
This is when it installs all the node modules associated with this project which is going to include
react, Next.js, tailwind and others.
So that might take a minute or two.
Now we're about to kick everything off and to look at it locally.
There's one more ingredient.
There's one more thing I haven't talked about yet.
You know what that is?
It's the API.
It's one more folder in back end that I haven't even mentioned.
If you look in back end, you'll see there is another folder called API.
And if you open that up you'll see this is a UV project and it is just another lambda.
It's got a lambda handler which is rather small that involves running main Maine and Maine.
If you look through this, you'll see that this is some pretty boilerplate code that looks up different
API routes for things like the user details and, uh, accounts.
And in each of them, it's basically making a database call through that shared through the database
package that we looked at two days ago.
Um, and this is to retrieve an individual account.
So it's a series of API routes to get to each of these.
And I'll say that my experience with this was quite similar to the front end generating this kind of
boilerplate code to match our database model.
This was a fire.
And forget I said to the LM agent what I wanted.
It generated all this and it just worked.
First time I knew exactly what I wanted, I didn't have to check this at all.
It worked.
So it's another example.
When it came to building the Agentic code yesterday, uh, the Claude was was was not so good.
It was hit and miss.
But for this stuff, for more boilerplate code, it was super impressive, fast and reliable.
And it worked first time.
Okay, so with this in mind, you've now seen the API layer.
What we're now going to do is, uh, go to a new folder that I haven't shown you before, a new root
level folder called scripts.
And inside this folder are a few scripts.
And one of them is called run py.
And we're going to go and run that right now.
So I'm going to go into scripts which is a UV project.
So we can just do a UV run.
And I'm going to do UV run run run local py.
And what that's going to do is it's going to start the backend code, and it's also going to start the
front end code as well.
And this is all now running.
We've got a backend running on port 8000 and we've got a front end running on port 3000.
And it's configured so that that will, will will serve the 8000.
So it's all running locally on my box.
And this is how without calling out to Lambda or anything like that we can see some of what's going
on.
So let's go and do that now.