Okay.
Are you excited?
Here we go.
Command.
Click here.
And.
Whoa!
Up immediately comes this landing page.
Alex, AI financial advisor.
Uh, your AI powered financial future.
And again, I'm maybe refine this a bit.
I tweaked this a bit, but almost all of this, including the copy, including, uh, all of this was
just written by Claude code just up front.
And it's a great landing page with these three things here with meet your AI advisory team, a nice
little hover effect there with some some highlighting.
Uh, start your analysis.
A fake watch demo button that does nothing, which is for future, uh, and we're going to be able this
is this is all going to be hooked up to Clark.
And we'll see whether it just works locally.
Can I press the sign in button and sign in, using the same credentials that we did for the SaaS app
all the way back in week one?
Let's give it a shot.
I press sign in, I go to Google, I'm going to choose my Google account.
I don't need to.
It already knows it.
And bam!
We come in to a dashboard and.
Goodness gracious.
Let me let this sink in for you for for for a minute.
What you're looking at here, this this is a new empty user because I'm logging in for the first time.
You're seeing here the the dashboard screen.
There's a disclaimer that I did ask it to add in here to say don't.
This is not official financial advice.
There's this dashboard has a portfolio value a number of accounts asset allocation and last analysis.
Uh and we can we've got we've got various settings here.
So I can say my my name is Donna and then I can press save settings.
Settings.
Save successfully.
A little toast message up at the top.
And that is now my name I can make the target retirement income.
What do I want?
Annual income of 80,000 would be great.
That would be nice.
See that?
Lovely formatting.
That was another little, little thing I added to it to ask it to have locale formatting.
Uh, so if you're in Europe, you may see the 80 .000 and then save settings and then check this out.
Look at this.
If I want to change the North American distribution, I want 80% of my portfolio to be North American
exposure.
As I drag it, look at how the other one automatically drags down.
And I'll put that to 80%.
And look at how that pie chart animates in.
It's gorgeous.
I didn't do any of that.
I didn't tell it to do any of this all first time.
This is a beautiful, professional, polished website.
I gotta tell you, it's amazing.
Uh, and there comes the toast, and it all looks great.
So this this is the the landing page and the dashboard page of our Next.js app, and it's all hooked
up to the API.
It's saving in the database.
When we make these changes.
These are all getting persisted in our database by calling that fast API route.
Uh, it's all and which is calling localhost 8000.
So it's all running locally on my computer and it will be on your computer, but it's all working front
to back which is super impressive.
And now if I move over to accounts, you'll see that we've got some some details here.
There's no accounts found.
It looks it looks quite, quite clean and empty.
But I've got this little populate test data button again.
This is something I asked it to add afterwards.
So it didn't do this initially.
I had to give this some some spec, but then it did it and I pressed that button.
It says populating test data populated successfully and bam!
Everything appears just like that.
We suddenly have a test portfolio with some cash in there and some portfolios in here too.
With some positions.
There's three accounts, a brokerage account, a Roth IRA, and a 401 K long term.
And if you don't know what any of that means, I don't.
I'm not surprised, nor did I, until I moved to the US.
These are all US retirement words that everyone says over here that I've never heard of when I came
here, 401 K being the name of their tax deferred long term savings plan, and a Roth IRA being a similar
kind of investment account that you can have yourself if your employer doesn't.
So these are different kinds of retirement accounts.
You should set this up to, to reflect your location so that it makes sense to you.
But this is showing these three accounts.
And there's there's like an edit button here.
What do you think.
What do you think this will do anything.
What happens if I press the edit button.
Let's find out I press the edit button loading account details.
And here is this 401 K account.
It's got some, uh, BND is total market bond positions.
I don't know what IWM is, but I'm sure someone does.
QQ.
Is the Nasdaq right?
I think Spy is S&amp;P and VCI is the Vanguard Total Index.
So this is a nice portfolio that's been set up.
These values will have been coming from polygon.
So our server will have been will have been uh calculating the actual values of these.
So they should be real.
Uh and we can come in, we can edit them, we can remove them, we can add a position if we want.
Let's add a position in IBM.
You see, it's got like a typeahead there, but it doesn't have IBM.
If the system is not in our database, it will be added automatically.
We'll put in ten IBM shares and in they come.
And for the time being it shows price na uh, and uh, then we can go on to the advisor team.
This is where we see a team of specialist agents that will work together to provide comprehensive analysis.
Look at this.
Uh, there's no analysis.
Please press this to start your first analysis.
And we won't do that because this is all deployed locally.
It can't actually run at the agents.
All we're doing here is looking at our next JS front end, and it's attached to our, uh, our API layer
on the back end.
And so that those, those are the pieces that are in place right now.
Uh, and I gotta tell you, I think it's, uh, it's sensational and particularly how, how easy it
was to build this.
But not only was it so easy to to to build it with, with, with Claude, which is, of course, not
the main point of this course.
The main point is that we've deployed it in a way running locally.
That is a full stack application done properly with a front end and a back end and an API layer, and
it's all holding together.
And as a side note, it is perhaps important to observe that that the AI generated code was good not
just for front end, but for front end and back end, where the back end was that simple boilerplate
API calls to a database.
And so you might wonder, okay, so why is it that llms are so good at generating that code for that
kind of that part of our production app?
But it wasn't good at building the agentic part that the the agents running on Lamda services.
And the answer is that the, the front end and the back end that it's generated is reasonably standard
boilerplate stuff that's similar in many production applications.
And it's the kind of thing that that Llms excel at generating, because there's tons of examples in
their training data.
They know how to apply color schemes, they know how to build these different frameworks.
And a lot of what makes Front End difficult is just a lot of stuff, a lot of scaffolding to put in
place.
And that's stuff that llms find really easy.
And the boilerplate backend and API routes it also finds really easy.
When it came to the Agentic stuff, we were we were definitely working in new territory.
We were dealing with with all sorts of stuff around tools and structured outputs.
We were using OpenAI agents SDK, which has only come out this year, in the last few months, and we
were using it with the light LLM attachment to Amazon bedrock.
And that's only been out for like like a month or two.
So there's very little example in its training data.
And just giving it one example, which I gave it in, in its sort of prep materials, wasn't enough
for it to generalize easily.
And there was too much using things like OpenAI OSS model.
It found that really difficult.
It didn't know anything about it.
It didn't know it existed.
When we started to get rate limit errors, it got stuck.
It overengineered things.
It made, as I say, a real meal over the tool calling a total mess.
Uh, and it's because this, this is, this is much more complex.
It's not boilerplate.
It's new.
So it doesn't have as many examples in its training data.
And it's the kind of areas where llms struggle.
So the LLM side of this was something that we had to I had to put a lot of work into and build myself.
In fact, I would say that that was one example where I think if I were doing it on my own, that would
have taken me about a week of coding.
Doing it with Claude code actually subtracted value.
It took me about two weeks because it did a lot of damage, and it took a long time to debug and figure
out what on earth was going on.
So it actually took me longer.
But building what you're seeing here, the front end and API, that took about a day and a half.
That's it for all of it to be there.
Running, working, looking great a day and a half.
And I tell you, if I had built this myself, I could have done it.
I know how to code front end.
I could have done it.
But to get it looking like this would have been at least two weeks, maybe more.
Uh, it would have.
It would have been a long time.
And so if you do all of the maths end to end, whilst Claude code was a lot worse than the server in
aggregate, I managed to save about about, uh, I guess it was about it took about 60% of the time
that it would have taken if I hadn't been using Claude code.
And I think that's a really sensible, uh, kind of benchmark to keep in mind, at least based on,
on this experience, but always understanding that there are some things that it's really good at using
llms and some things where it will struggle.
You should spend your time focusing on the the agentic stuff, the LLM work.
That's the really hard stuff, and building out this kind of of dashboard and the back end routes,
that stuff that Llms, uh, have have a field day with it's it's easy for them.