I could stare at this user interface all day.
It's just so great and you should come in and play with it.
Add and subtract, remove things, make sure that it all works.
You can also do things like I can press reset all and it comes up with this lovely modal.
Are you sure you want to delete all your accounts?
Delete all accounts.
And by the way, it wasn't like that initially.
It did it with one of those dreadful JavaScript pop ups and I had to tell it to build a modal.
So there was definitely tweaking that I had to do, but it responded so quickly.
And then we repopulate the test data as a quick way to check.
Wait a second.
And then it refreshes.
So slick, so so so smooth.
One other thing I want to show you.
So you remember our server is running on localhost 8000.
Um, I'm not going to hit our server.
I'm going to go to a root docs.
This is something which fast API does uh, out of the box, which is really great, which is show us
swagger docs of our API.
Uh, so this is showing you right now the different API routes that were all generated by by an LLM
by Claude code for me.
Uh, and you can come in and look at these different, uh, these different, um, API routes and what
they do, uh, and look around the, uh, the, some example there.
Uh, amazing.
So we've got this full documentation of our backend of our API routes, and it's all there on localhost
8000.
You should go and take a look for yourself.
And here we are back in the in the the guide.
You'll see it explains how you can explore the API documentation in step 2.4, uh by going to host and
localhost 8000 docs and look around.
And we already did this.
We added a test portfolio data.
And you can go through these different steps to add new positions, delete them, update the cash balance,
make sure everything works.
But I can't wait to get on to deploying this to production.
This is this is really where everything comes together is we're now going to take this and deploy it
out there.
So that API is running as a Lambda service so that we have an API.
the AWS API gateway on top of it, and then we have our deployed front end.
It's just what we did in week two.
So in many ways this is week one and week two coming together.
We're using the the clerk uh, user authentication.
We're using the pages router.
But we're using the everything from week two in terms of the whole deployment architecture.
So I hope you're excited.
Let's get to it.
Go to step 4.1.
We're going to set up Terraform and then deploy.
Okay.
And it's time for us to get Terraform going.
So open the terraform directory and come to the seventh folder seven front end.
You'll notice it's the last the last of our Terraform folders.
Never fear we're going to go back and change something later.
But still this is the last of our Terraform folders here.
Seven front end.
Uh, and the first thing to do is to take this terraform.tf example and, uh, copy that and make it
terraform.tf vars as before.
Uh, right click and copy and then paste and then rename and just fill in these things.
Fill in your AWS region and fill in your Clark JDBC URL and issuer should look something like that,
which you will have taken from your local, uh, and or from your SaaS project.
So you should have that set up in your Terraform.tf vars.
Okay.
And now it is time now to package up your our APIs Lambda.
So what we're going to open up a new of these.
By the way I command seed out of the uh, the server that was running from before the local server,
which you should do as well.
Okay.
So we're now going to go into backend and then we're going to go into the API directory.
Here we are.
And we're going to do you've run package Docker.
And this of course is going to package up the the back end the API into a nice uh.
Uh a nice zip file.
And it says here it'll take about a minute.
It did not take about a minute.
It caught me off guard.
It was so quick, but that might be because I already had it installed.
Uh, but hopefully that will be nice and quick for you.
And that brings us to time to to run Terraform.
How is this happening so quickly?
Uh, so let's go out.
Let's go to, uh, our terraform directory.
Sorry.
Back one more into our Terraform directory and now into the seventh folder.
And you know the drill by now we start by doing terraform init which will run fast for me, but it might
take a bit longer for you.
There it go.
It's done.
And now you can.
So I've always said Terraform init and terraform apply.
If you wish you could do this step Terraform plan which shows you what it will build if you run it.
So sometimes people like to do terraform init and then a terraform plan to see it right there.
But now we're going to do a terraform apply.
And off it goes.
And it says do we want to do this.
And we'll say yes.
And it's going off and creating.
And while it's going off and creating Let's go and click on main and find out what is it creating.
And a lot of this should be familiar to you because it'll be very similar to what we built in in in
week two.
So there's the usual provider stuff at the beginning.
And then there is uh, the AWS S3 bucket for the front end.
This is the S3 bucket.
Uh, then, um, this is some, some, uh, it's, uh, policy.
Uh, IAM stuff, IAM stuff.
I'm more IAM stuff.
And here is our lambda function for the API lambda function.
That's where it's getting the zip file that we just built right there.
Here are some environment variables that it's getting.
It's it's collecting the Aurora cluster Arn and secret from the Terraform current state.
Uh, it's setting the the right cause origins.
Uh, and this is the API gateway.
This is where we're setting up our AWS API gateway.
You can see we're giving it the all of the right authority to do what we need.
This is some throttling and rate limiting settings.
So we're putting on our API gateway which is super important for an enterprise strength deployment.
Uh, and uh some some uh permissions stuff.
This is the AWS CloudFront distribution.
This is where we're taking our S3 bucket and saying we want to make a CloudFront distribution out of
it.
And here it is.
Uh, and, um, I think we're probably almost done here.
There we go.
And that's it.
So that is all of the infrastructure we're building.
And of course, there's a lot here.
And the first time you see it, it can be unwieldy.
But the good news is so much of this is consistent with what we had before, uh, in week two.
So a lot of this should be very familiar to you.
And you'll, you'll, you'll hopefully have a good grasp for the infrastructure we're creating.
And while I was going through all of that, it finished, it deployed.
There's somewhere we can click to and then we can see whether this actually works.