If you're anything like me, then you will have absolutely loved yesterday.
So so fun.
Great to see it all come together.
Great to see the agentic activity happening, knowing that it's deployed on the cloud.
But also, if you're anything like me, you felt a little bit unsatisfied at the end of it because it
was hard to know exactly what was going on.
We had to sort of take it, take the UI at its at its word that things, things were all happening and
we didn't really have a good sense of what was happening.
It just sort of felt a bit magical.
But magic isn't good when it comes to bulletproof enterprise production deployments.
And that is the topic for today.
That is exactly what we're covering.
And if yesterday was the most fun day of the whole course, and today is perhaps the most important
day of the whole course, this really is where everything comes together.
This really is where I cover everything it takes to build an Agentic app or a generative AI app, and
have it deployed to production at enterprise scale.
That's what we're covering today.
It includes monitoring, security, scalability, and super importantly, observability.
We're going to be looking in longview's dashboards and they're going to look great.
We're going to be looking at CloudWatch dashboards.
We're going to be doing a lot of looking at what actually happens behind the scenes, so that we have
a really good handle on our production deployment.
And I'm sure at this point, I don't need to remind you what Alex is our SaaS financial planner.
It we've done so much.
Last week we did the researcher with the data ingest pipelines using SageMaker.
Uh, this week we built the database infrastructure.
We built our five agents.
We then yesterday built our front end with the API layer and saw it coming together, did our run.
And what we've still got to do, the big task is making all of this be enterprise grade.
And uh, just before we do that, let's remind ourselves of the architecture that we built.
And here is the diagram, the diagram that shows all of the components, the services that we deployed.
Uh, and I just added one more in there.
I added the API, API gateway as a separate component.
I mean, obviously with these diagrams, there's no hard and fast rules about what you consider a box
and what you don't.
And we've not got a lot of things on here, a lot of little smaller pieces.
But I feel like the API gateway is important enough, and particularly in the production construct,
when we're thinking about things like throttling, it's a it's a really important part of the infrastructure.
So I've included that here.
Um, but this is, this is the, the overall setup that we built.
Uh, and yeah, I put the dotted lines again around the blue boxes to really emphasize that these are
separate lambda deployments.
It's not like we've got everything running on one lambda talking amongst itself.
We've got them deployed as separate endpoints.
I must have said that a thousand times.
Sorry.
Uh, all right, so this is our architecture and it looks fabulous.
But wait.
No, it's more than that.
It's more than that.
Because let's layer on what we did last week as well.
This is really the architecture.
This is what's happening.
And now I show it to you.
I feel like if I'd shown you this at the beginning, you'd have been like, okay, I'm not doing this
course.
This is crazy.
This is too much.
Uh, but because we've got there gradually, I hope when you see all of this, you're like, okay,
yeah, I know this.
Uh, so this is the real story.
These are all of the AWS services that are running, and and even this is like a high level picture.
There are lots of other services that aren't being shown here, but this these are the big building
blocks of our architecture.
And so as things run out there on AWS, there's just a lot happening.
There's a lot of infrastructure that we built with Terraform.
And this is a a moment perhaps to take stock and think, imagine if we hadn't used Terraform, imagine
what it would have taken to have built all of this through the AWS console.
You'd have hated me.
There's no way you'd have.
I'm going to ask for for my stars rating.
You'd have given me a yeah, a pretty, uh, empty number of stars.
If we've been going through the AWS console and setting all this up, it would have been awful.
So it just shows you what a game changer Terraform is and how the fact that we could run these Terraform
applies and construct this, this whole setup made so much difference.
But anyways, all of this is running and what we're going to try and do today is get a really good handle
on it, a really good perspective on what's going on, and have it in a mode where you could be like
an MLOps or a production AI person that's able to have this running and have good insight into what's
going on.
And so let me cover the six categories we'll talk about today, about what it takes to be enterprise
grade, starting with perhaps the most obvious, which is that you need to be able to scale.
And when we talk about scalability with these kinds of systems, we're thinking about both being able
to scale up to meet sudden demand.
If if your app goes viral and you have a lot of people using it, you need to be able to scale.
We say scale horizontally, meaning just add on more and more services, um, and not have to have downtime.
We're not going to have to reprovision more hardware to to meet this demand.
But it also, particularly in startup land, it's important to think about scaling the other way as
well in off periods when no one's using your system.
Maybe over the weekends you don't want to have to pay for massive infrastructure, and a serverless
architecture gives you both of those.
So those are some of the scalability concerns.
It's mostly about being able to ramp up though.
Security, obviously a topic of its own.
You can have, of course, many courses talking about cyber security.
Information security.
It's a whole profession.
There are some particularly important aspects of security to think about with agentic systems.
There's also just generally good cloud security.
And we'll cover some of the best practices today.
And then monitoring goes without saying that we need to have good insight into what's happening in production.
We need to have a good handle on on what's going on.
We need to be able to to have alerts if things go wrong.
So so this this kind of good tooling to be able to track and have insight into what's happening in production
is something we will be covering.
Guardrails is is more specifically in the LMS context.
This is about checks that you put in place controls around what goes into your LMS and what comes out
to protect against some of the common problems using LMS.
And it's worth spending just a minute on this.
A lot of people, uh, have very rightly so, big concerns about us relying too much on LMS because
they are inherently unreliable.
And it's important to bear in mind that they are unreliable, in that they are statistical models and
they are unreliable in the same way as any other data science model is.
In my opinion, the problem comes when people try and think of agents as if they're human like and try
and project them to be, you know, reasoning machines that you can trust.
But they are not.
They are token predictors.
They are predicting the next tokens statistically, and that's all they are.
And we can avoid a lot of problems if people keep that in mind and always work that way.
And that means that, you know, we use the word like don't trust the LM outputs.
But even the word trust is sort of putting too much of a human like characteristic on this.
You just need to write bulletproof production code that is testing.
The outputs are controlled and within the boundaries you would expect, just as if you were writing
some sort of statistical model to make trading decisions about trading on financial markets.
You wouldn't just hook that straight up to a trading engine, you would have all of the right checks
and balances and controls, and you should treat llms and agents exactly the same way.
And so typically in enterprise systems, when you have agents, both the inputs and the outputs are
validated.
And they can be validated by by doing things like calling other llms.
But at the end of the day, they should be validated with straight up code, with conditions, with
controls, with tests, as you would with any other statistical model.
And we will look at some of those kinds of guardrails today.
And then explainability with a Sherlock Holmes icon there.
Uh, so this used to be a topic that was very much in vogue a couple of years ago, because these huge
deep neural networks that are at the heart of Llms, they're very hard to understand why they do what
they do.
Uh, they are black boxes, as people say.
But as it happens, explainability is considered less of a serious issue at the moment, as long as
one follows a couple of rules.
And I will go through those with you shortly.
And then observability.
That's really going to be the punchline for today.
This is about just getting deeper insight.