And here we are back in cursor, back in the Alex repo project.
And I'm going to go into guides.
And we're going to find the final guide enterprise up in the preview.
This is where we get to look at being enterprise grade in this in this Readme.
So uh, what I'm going to do is step through each of those different six categories.
Some of these are more going to be about exercises for you to go in and dig around the Terraform code
and the AWS console to look at some of our settings and to understand what it really means, that there's
a best way is for you to do it.
But a couple of them we will drill down on together and go through in much more detail.
Uh, but we're going to start with the, the, some of the simple ones and the really easy one.
We're going to be doing scalability, security monitoring, guarding, explainability and observability.
But we're going to start with scalability.
The obvious one.
And the wonderful thing about our serverless architecture is that it's all baked in.
It's automatically scalable.
It's.
Elastic.
It scales up and it scales down.
If you were to use Amazon EC2 compute instances, that would not be the case.
You would need to provision each one separately.
That would be a traditional server infrastructure.
If you were using something like um or App Runner, then it is largely it's a bit of a different setup.
Um, but but it is also a serverless, scalable setup.
Um, and if you're using ECS or EKS, which is the container orchestration, then it is also horizontally
scalable.
But again, unless there are sort of minimum sizes but it will scale up.
But that is more the kind of industrial strength approach.
But this lambda super common works particularly well in the Agentic case when you have these multiple
agents, because you'd be able to sort of expand one agent, uh, if one agent suddenly becomes in demand,
it will be able to sort of spin up lots of lots of Lambda services so easily.
So Lambda functions scale automatically.
Aurora.
Serverless v2 are database scales automatically.
The API gateway handles lots of requests, and I think we'll talk about this later.
But but it's got things like throttling and and the ability to support bursts if they come through.
Uh, and that allows us to, to manage make sure that we're scalable.
But at the same time control against various security risks.
And then we've got a SQS simple queue service, which gives us, uh, as it says, unlimited throughput.
We can stack up things on the queue should we need to, uh, and if you wanted to, you could increase
the capacity so that we could support more scale.
And what I'm going to suggest you do is you come through and do this yourself.
So come take, take this as an opportunity to go into the Terraform directory.
And as it says here, go into five database and look through Main.tf and find the examples for how you
would dial up the database if you needed to, and do the same for for the agents.
Like look at how you could make the planet agents have bigger memory size.
Uh, how you could have, uh, more concurrent executions if you wanted to.
So you can look at all of these things and see how you could dial it up.
Um, and that will be that will be an important, uh, thing.
Thing to practice.
So do go now and have a look at that and I'll see you in a second.
And it would be traditional to do some volume testing of your application if you wanted to make sure
that it was ready for this.
I'm not going to actually do the volume testing myself, because that that is definitely going beyond
the sort of the AI territory into core platform ops, but it would be normal to run some some scripts
to volume test.
And here's an example stuff you could do on a mac and Linux or on windows.
Uh, typical scripts that you might use to volume test having lots of API calls being made and allowing
your your agent system to respond.
Uh, and of course, when you're looking to scale up, it's incredibly important to be thinking about
costs.
One of the reasons that one would want to set some of these limits is to make sure that there isn't
like a runaway process that goes crazy and takes your costs out of control.
But you can also set up and you have set up, and you should always set up the billing and cost alerts
to make sure that you'd be notified if anything did go crazy.
Uh, and then there are some we're using CloudFront, which means that automatically our assets are
cached, uh, right at the sort of the edge of where people might request them.
It's pushed out, distributed out all over the world.
Um, but you can improve performance by, by doing things like setting longer, uh, times that, that
your pages will be out there before they expire from the caches.
So you could you could Google any of this if you're interested, and look at some of the settings in
CloudFront.
Okay.
And that's all we're covering for scalability because I think you get this.
The really juicy stuff is coming up.
So when it comes to information security, we've been doing a great job already.
So we will congratulate ourselves on a few things we've done well and just point to a few others.
So I mean, it's been quite a dance, but I know you're sick of I am, I know it.
Uh, it's something which Amazon does do very well.
It's, uh, but it's quite, quite something.
So the, the, the, the general practice people talk about is iam least privileged access, which is
making sure that you give the minimum required permissions to each of your different, uh, people or
processes, uh, because AWS treats things like a Lambda server serverless function as, as, as if
it's something that needs permissions as, as well, you know, so we've been pretty careful to give
our different lambda services the minimal permissions that they need in order to do their jobs.
So you can look around different parts of Terraform to convince yourself that we've done a decent job
of this, and we've tried to make sure it's only allowed to do what it needs to be able to do, and
that prevents something going haywire and something having the wrong access, or it limits the damage
that can be done, um, in various adverse situations.
Now, one place where we haven't been great is in our own IAM user.
You probably remember that we set up those policies just to say like full S3 access and so on, and
that's pretty common when you're doing things like this, because it's such a bore to go back again
and again into IAM for like an educational program like this.
But if you were doing if when you were doing this in production yourself with your engineering team,
then of course you would set more limited permissions for each of the people on the team that reflects
their role.
And indeed, you would have different sets of permissions for people that have access to your development
infrastructure, from your test infrastructure, from your production, your staging, and your production
infrastructure so that everyone just has access, has this this minimal required permissions for the
things that they need to be able to do.
So that is IAM.
So we use industry best practices in this application to make sure that user credentials are trusted.
We use JWT, JSON, web tokens.
I think I mentioned before it's an enormous rabbit hole, should you wish to learn everything there
is to learn about it.
But we have.
We follow all the things you should do.
Our tokens expire every hour.
We use this endpoint.
If you remember coding in that endpoint that allows Clark to rotate our keys, and we validate that
the user is who they say they are with every single API request.
So it's it's a proper bulletproof credentials system.
And as you know, we use AWS API gateway as our sort of entry point to our back end.
And that gives us a number of protections, throttles the requests, and that can protect us against
what they call DDoS distributed denial of service.
When an attacker, uh, hits your website with with tons and tons of different requests from different
places around the world to try and bring down your infrastructure, but throttling protects you against
that.
Uh, and there are some more protections that you could pay more for that we will come to later that
we didn't we didn't implement yet.
And then I feel like the less said about cores, the better.
You're fed up of cores by now, I'm sure.
But cause of course, is the control that makes sure that the only thing that's allowed to hit our Lambda
services, our API servers, is something that originated from the web pages that we served up from
CloudFront.
So it really connects those dots to make sure that no one else is able to build a front end and then
start calling our API, bypassing any other controls.
So it, uh, that origin validation is the formal name for what I just said then, uh, which is, uh,
definite best practice security control that we have in place.
And another one is cross site scripting, which which is a vulnerability when an attacker tries to inject
malicious scripts into our web page so that there's some JavaScript that executes in a user's browser
and, and masquerades as if it is our front end.
And we can use these kinds of policies to make sure that that, uh, what what it what is trusted and
what is not trusted.
Preventing any unauthorized scripts from being able to run.
So these are all good security controls that you're probably familiar with.
Uh, and, uh, yeah, there's just a couple more to go.
And then we're moving on to monitoring.
So obviously we always used environment variables for secrets.
We never hardcoded secrets anywhere.
Uh, which would be a terrible practice, but an even better practice than using environment variables
and using them just sort of stored and set as environment variables and things like lambda, if you
remember, which I think we did in week two, uh, is using the AWS Secrets Manager, and that's a place
where you can go, you pay a very small amount for each secret that you put there, which I always feel
is a bit sneaky.
Uh, but it's very, very small.
And there are some secrets that we set up.
We use the AWS Secrets Manager in a few places.
We didn't use it universally.
Sometimes we just use environment keys, but in several places we did.
And you can go to the secrets manager and have a look yourself and check that out and make sure that
we have secrets in there.
And here you can see my one.
It's Alex Aurora credentials in AWS Secrets Manager secrets.
There it is.
Go in.
And so there you see I didn't make it up.
We do indeed have a secret in there.
And you can use AWS Secrets Manager more broadly for some of the other environment variables too, if
you wished.
All right.
And then there are some other advanced features that we have not included that you can include, should
you wish, and experiment with them.
But they come at a price.
So this is all like a this is the sort of upsell from AWS.
And when you use the console, it tries to sell these things to you.
So the web application firewall is extra filtering of malicious web traffic to prevent, uh, common
attacks.
And uh, but but it does.
It costs something you'd have to look up.
You could automatically add it in Terraform.
You can also go through the AWS console and turn it on.
You can have uh VPC endpoints, uh, which is, which is giving like a sort of virtual network so that
network traffic never leaves AWS.
For our Lambda functions to communicate with, with other services and with each other.
Uh, GuardDuty is something which is like a detection service that constantly monitors and, uh, informs
us if if something is looks up, uh, and, uh, but yes, it is a paid service as it mentions right
here.
So be aware of that.
This is the kind of thing that at an enterprise, you might well be willing to pay for.
Uh, read what it says on the tin to understand if that's something you'd like.
But this is quite, quite a common kind of practice.
And then it's also good to put in place something which validates that lambda functions have what you
expect them to have.
And, uh, is always raising raising errors.
If it isn't, that's the kind of sensible security, uh, best practice to, to add to your code as
well.
All right.
And that wraps up security.
You probably knew most of this already, but it's good to good to go through it.
Uh, but it's going to get a bit more juicy as we get to monitoring next.
And then we get to, to the really fun stuff, uh, when we, we eventually get to observability.