Okay, so this is where we really get insight into what's happening on our servers.
It's about logging.
And I'm sure you're familiar with basic Python logging when you import logging and you can say logger
is logging.getlogger.
And then you can have logging.info logger dot error and so on.
And you probably noticed that I've done a fair amount of logging through the application in various
places through our agents.
The assignment I have for you is to go and add some more.
Go and put in some more log messages, because it's even more satisfying when you see your own log messages
coming through.
So do that.
Think of something that interests you, perhaps some part of the process that you don't know about.
Add in some extra logging information because that's what we'll be seeing next.
And uh, there's a suggestion you could do it the way that I suggest here by having a bit more structure
to it and putting in some more information.
You don't have to do that if you don't want to.
You could just do logger.info.
Uh, but this might give you some some extra ways to see more information.
But once you've done that, we're going to now go and kick off a run and then look at some of the logs.
Let's do that.
So first of all let's go and kick off our application again.
Do you remember where your application is even running.
Do you remember how to find it?
Here we go.
We bring up a new terminal like this.
We go into the terraform directory.
We go into the seven folder which has our front end in it, and we type Terraform output if you remember
this.
And that tells us the values of our variables which includes our CloudFront variable right here.
Unless you actually set up, you went through and you set up a front end, which would be very cool.
But if you didn't, then this does it.
And here it is.
Remember this.
Remember our application.
Isn't it gorgeous.
So we come in, we look again at our portfolio at our dashboard or our accounts.
And we come through to the advisor team.
And I'm going to kick off a new analysis.
Let's do it off.
It runs.
So what's happening now, of course, is that our various agents are talking to each other.
Things are happening.
And that means there should be stuff that we can see in our Are logs.
So let's go back to AWS and take a look at what's happening.
So let's go into CloudWatch and in CloudWatch.
Let's look at our log groups.
Uh you'll see that there's a fair amount of Alex researcher happening here.
And we will come down to see our log groups here.
Let's look at the planner log group and we'll see that the planner Alex Planner has been running a fair
amount.
And this was right now.
And let me bring this up and you can come in and see here what's happening in our planner.
This is this is what's just just run since I pressed that button.
Uh, and you can see that, uh, go to the top of it.
Uh, so this was it kicking off.
Uh, and, uh, you can see that the first thing it did was, um, we ignore this part here.
This is the Lang View stuff coming up.
You're getting a sneak peek at something we're going to do in a second, which is great.
Uh, but, uh, what we'll see now is that the planner lambda began N and it began orchestrating.
It started by checking for instruments that are missing allocation data, but it says all good.
All the instruments have allocation data, so there aren't any instruments that need to be tagged with
the tagger.
But next it says updating instrument prices from market data.
So it's doing that.
It fetches current prices for this job.
And this is now calling out of course to polygon.
Uh and it's fetching prices for 16 symbols.
Off it goes.
It collects all of these.
Look at this log messages coming.
Is it hits polygon IO I've got the paid plans.
It doesn't matter that I'm hitting it a lot with all these different stock prices market price updated.
And at that point and by the way, if you're using the free plan then it then it caches it.
So all all should be good for you as well.
At that point this is completed.
It's chat completion with Nova Pro.
We checked the model name.
And then what's going to happen now is it calls different lambda functions.
It calls reporter and charter and retirement telling us that our tool calling is working and we're calling
out to these different lambda processes, and then it's coming back.
And then if we say resume, let's see if that's if that's the end of this and it's not the end of this.
More has happened while I've been yabbering away.
The world has not been quiet.
Uh, it's all completed.
It's finished.
It, uh, it presumably had, like, a nice, uh, completion here.
Completed, successfully plan a job completed successfully.
It tells us.
And then at the end here we have, uh, the total duration, the memory used and so on.
And so this has given us this real clarity, this ability to see everything that's been happening behind
the scenes.
And now we know it wasn't just the user interface giving us a nice picture.
Stuff was really happening.
Agents were really being called.
And the logs have given us that insight.
Okay, so I hear you.
You're impressed.
You like this, but you're still suspicious because you're taking my word for it.
You're taking the logs word for it that it's calling another agent.
This planner agent.
We see it says it does, but we don't really know that it does.
You're a very suspicious person.
Well, luckily, I'm going to be able to prove it to you.
Let's see that.
So we look in here, we find out where it claims that it was calling one of the other agents.
Let's let's say for example reporter.
That's perhaps one of the most interesting ones, the one that actually generates the report.
So it claims that it invokes reporter at about 1915.
So remember that 1915.
That's when we're going to go and look now at reporter and see what happens.
So we go back to log groups.
We find Alex reporter.
There is Alex reporter.
We come in and here is a log at 1915.
Okay.
Let's go and have a look.
And if we come in here we'll see that sure enough it's been kicked off.
It's done its stuff.
And what I want to show you, I want to show you that amongst other things, it does, it is going to
get market insights.
And this is when the reporter agent looks up in S3 vectors.
It looks up the expertise that was put there by our researcher when it processes every two hours.
So it's kind of cool to show you that that connection right there.
And you can look through this and see that it will do it and post back the results.
Uh, so to the database.
So, uh, it's great to see this.
It really gives you that perspective of everything that's happening behind the scenes.
And it will hopefully now convince you that these agents really are talking to each other in different
lambda, uh, serverless functions and that this is actually running behind the scenes.
And that is why when we come here, we end up seeing these fabulous results, uh, because all of these
agents really are working feverishly behind the scenes on AWS.
And there's just one more thing, which is to show you CloudWatch dashboards.
So the, uh, I think we saw this briefly a couple of weeks ago that AWS has the ability to show you
summary metrics in dashboards you can build that will bring things together.
And in fact, we can set up a dashboard.
And you remember we went to AWS screens and we configured them through the console.
But we don't do that anymore.
We know about Terraform now.
So we set up things like this just with Terraform scripts.
And that's why I have set up a Terraform script in eight underscore enterprise.
I think I said yesterday that when we were doing seven front end, it looked like it was the last one,
but there was going to be one a little bit more.
And here we have it.
Eight enterprise I just created this.
So if you open up, uh, it's clear that you open up a terminal and go to Terraform and then into eight
Enterprise Directory.
Um, the first thing you'll need to do, of course, you remember this so well now is you'll need to
take the Terraform example and duplicate it and enter in, I think just the region and the model name.
If we look at this, it just needs the bedrock model ID and the AWS region and the bedrock region,
just the usual stuff.
And then once you've done that and you made your own terraform.tf vars, then you know what to do next.
You know what to do next.
That's right.
Terraform init, terraform init.
And it does this.
And then terraform apply.
And it builds some dashboards.
And this time it's not going to be one of me yammering away to wait a few minutes.
It's right away.
It's created it very quickly.
And there's two dashboards for us to look at.
Uh, and I can't wait to show them to you.
And so here is the first one, the AI model usage.
Let's bring this guy up open.
Here it comes.
And this is a beautiful look at bedrock.
The number of, uh, model invocations that we've made.
And because we just I just kicked it off a minute ago.
Let's let's go back 12 hours instead.
Let's see that you'll see that there's a bunch of stuff here been going on.
Let's go back a whole day.
Uh, so, uh, three days, we'll see even more, I imagine.
Look at all that.
So this is how many times we we invoked the model on bedrock.
This is how many tokens that we used.
This is the latency.
So we're seeing all of these charts about what's going on.
And then here we see SageMaker because of course SageMaker has been running as well our research agent.
And you'll see this little dot dot dot dot dot.
Because every two hours it's been waking up and there's some stuff you'll see that there's some stuff
that isn't every two hours and you're wondering what that is.
That's because when we're running the application and it's doing some research, it also needs to use
SageMaker.
Uh, so uh, you see it there as well.
Uh, this is the reporter that we just looked at.
It's also needs to to form the vectors.
Um, and here is the latency, uh, information in microseconds.
Uh, so this is giving us perspective in one dashboard about all of our usage of AWS, uh, core data
science platforms, bedrock and SageMaker together in one place in this dashboard.
And I encourage you to spend a bit of time looking at this and enjoy looking at the data that we've
got.
And as an MLOps person, you would probably have this screen up all the time and you'd be able to look
at it, make sure nothing surprises you, and use this as a way to be inspecting the use of models in
production.
But there's a second dashboard as well, and it's this one right here.
Agent performance let's open that up.
And if this comes up, here we go.
Uh, let's also go back like three days or something.
So, uh, we've got agent execution times, error rates, how many times they were invoked and concurrently
running and throttles.
Good to see there's no throttles.
Uh, and, uh, yeah.
Interesting to see this execution times in milliseconds.
Uh, so this this is really showing you how long things are taking.
And the great thing is that the color of the different dots, it's colored by the different agent,
planner, reporter, charter, retirement and tagger.
So you can see them all there.
And of course, the planner is the one that takes the most time there.
And you can you can see how they all all fit together.
And, uh, yeah, this is just just fantastic to see.
Of course, again, as a as an MLOps or as a production support person, you would have this up, app
be watching this carefully to understand are there any errors?
I wonder why reporter had an error back then.
Uh oh.
Bunch of errors then.
Uh, so, uh, that's interesting.
Uh, I will be looking into that in a minute.
Uh, this is just the kind of thing that we would want to do, uh, to to drill in and find out what's
causing an error.
I think that was when I was, uh, trying to build something that wasn't working, uh, to do with the
observability that we'll do in just a minute.
Uh, so so you'll be able to use this as a way to really drill into what's going on in production and
to get that perspective.
So it's great that we built these two dashboards through Terraform.
It's set these two up.
That's the dashboard that we built back in week two.
Uh, so so these uh, these dashboards you can keep and you can look at the Terraform code or go and
do that right now.
Look at the Terraform code.
And you can use that as a way to build more like it.
Um here it is.
These are, these are the, uh, the two, um, dashboards that are set up.
And you can use this to make more and have this as a way that you can monitor everything that's going
on in production in visually like that, in a dashboard.