So observability is like a whole new discipline that's come up in the context of monitoring agents.
It's like a way of doing monitoring on steroids.
It's about having really deep insights into what's happening with your MLM activity and being able to
monitor it for everything from performance and model drift and every every aspect of the performance
of your agents in production.
And we've already seen some observability because we've looked in the OpenAI traces application, which
is like an observability platform.
But there's an even richer one called Lang Views that's incredibly popular.
There's a bunch of them.
Maybe you have experience with MLflow or one of the others.
Lang views is definitely a very popular one, I love it.
Uh, let's, uh, let's have a look at it.
Here it is, open source engineering platform.
Uh, and, uh, let's go into this, uh, you should press the sign up button to, to join when you
do.
If you, if you don't already have an account because you are surely AR lang views enthusiasts like
me, but if you don't, then sign up and give yourself.
I think when you sign up, you first have to give it an organization.
Make sure that you choose the free plan and then you pick.
You have to create an organization that you can just stick with the defaults.
And once you've done that, you set up a project which you can call, uh, Alex, uh, financial planner,
uh, or whatever you want to call it.
And once you've done that, you will arrive at the home screen and, uh, yeah, I'm not going to show
you the home screen because it will it will give too much away.
You'll see all the stuff right away.
And I want you to to see it, experience it for yourself.
So once you've done that, we'll go to the code and take a look at the changes we need to make.
So within Lang views you should have been able to find I think it's on the bottom left and settings,
uh, some API keys.
And in particular there are three API keys.
There is the Lang views public key, the lang views secret key, and the Lang views host.
And the public key begins PK and the secret key begins SK.
And I think that they might appear the other way up.
It might start with secret key in the UI.
So just be absolutely sure that you put the right key with the right name.
Public key begins PK.
So what we're going to do now is go back into our Terraform directory for number six agents.
We're going to go back to that again.
And if you look in your Terraform vars if I go to the example file, you'll see at the end there that
there were a bunch of these variables that were commented out.
And you should uncomment them and uncomment them in the real file, not in the not in the example file,
but in your file.
Right?
Right here.
Uncomment them and in your public key put in the Pq1 you see, I see.
Be sure this is the one that starts PK.
Uh, you're probably guessing I got this wrong.
Uh, and then langfield secret key.
Get that?
The one that starts SK and then the host.
And for me, it's, um.
Make sure you know what that is.
It shows it in the UI?
And then one other little gotcha is that you also need an OpenAI API key.
And you might say what?
Why is that?
We're not using OpenAI.
We're using bedrock and we're using Nova models.
Well therein is a story.
We are still going to be tracing using OpenAI agents, SDKs, tracing functionality, which is going
to send it on to Lang Views.
Uh, and you need to have an OpenAI API key, but you don't need any money on the account you can have.
It's completely free.
Set up an OpenAI account if you don't have one already.
Uh, for free, get an API key.
You don't need even the minimum balance.
Nothing.
Nada.
Uh, and be able to put in your API key in here as well.
And it won't cost a dime.
Uh, it will be there and important for our logging, for our observability.
So first, come in and make all of those changes, and then I will see you back here.
Next, I have to show you what I've done.
And you've got a little.
You've caught wind of this in a couple of places.
You've seen my mischievousness.
Uh, so if we look in back end and we look at the different agent folders, like we take our friend
planner, you'll see that in each one there is a module called observability.
Uh, and it's something which, uh, has allowed us to set up lang views and to observe that lang views
is set up, and it only does it if the lang views secret key is in the Terraform environment.
Variables.
So because you hadn't set it up until now, all of this code was ignored.
And now the we are using OpenAI agents SDK and we're using, uh, that as a sort of pass through to
then log to Lang views.
And you'll find that OpenAI agents SDK has docs that describes how to do this on their, on their website.
It's a little bit of a dance.
Uh, we're going you have to, to, to a little bit of awkwardness.
You have to set up something called Log Fire, which is an open source library from pedantic AI.
Um, and use Log Fire as your way to get these, these, uh, this information to Lang views.
So there's a little bit of gumph in here.
You don't need to worry about it too much because you can just reuse this.
This works, which is great.
Uh, and this wasn't written by an agent.
I had to write this myself.
Uh, and what it means that you can do is if we then go to lambda handler with this in place, what
we we we have.
So we already have, uh, this with trace planner orchestrator.
This this is something that comes with OpenAI agents SDK.
It means that we're immediately logging everything to the OpenAI traces.
But if we take anything that we do and we wrap everything in with observe, then that has set up lang
views behind the scenes, and that will make sure that this all gets outputted to Lang views.
So just by virtue of the fact that we have with observe like that and that's bringing in this this observe
right here that automatically sets up and configures lang views for you.
So so I wrote this little piece here.
I think it's neat.
And it means that it really simplifies your ability to be outputting to lang views.
Now there is one thing about this that is a little bit a little bit hacky, uh, which is at the end
here, you'll see there's something quite, quite evil a time.
It's not common to put time.sleep in production code, but it turned out that this was required in this
case, and this is coming after a finally, which means this is something that happens at the very,
very end of your lambda executing.
And why, you may wonder, is there a time.sleep in here?
And the reason is because lambda, when it runs, it's something that starts up a process to carry out
what you need to do.
And at the end of it, AWS immediately stops abruptly stops that server from running and the that's
of course very efficient for your hardware.
And you only you only pay for the compute that you use.
The problem is that observability is something that happens in another thread in the background pumping
log messages.
And if Amazon cuts it short, then it can stop this feed of data that's coming from your observability
framework.
Now there are some recommended things to do like flush and shutdown.
That's meant to allow it to shut down gracefully, but I wasn't able to get that to work reliably without
also having a sleep in there too.
So this is a little bit hokey.
It only affects the end of the Lambda services.
It's just an extra delay I put in there.
It only happens if you've got the long fuse settings set on, but if you do, it will take a little
bit longer to make absolutely sure that it gets to write out all of the messages.
That's all that's going on.
You can look the other way now.
Nothing to see here.
So sure, I was a bit hacky with that time.sleep, but you're going to forgive me because I did something
quite elegant and nice when it comes to guardrails.
So I picked one of the agents.
I picked the the reporter agent because it's perhaps the most important of them.
And I put in some extra stuff here, beginning with judge.
Judge is a very simple module that I wrote this one myself because it was it was quicker.
And with this back end stuff it's more reliable, I find, to do it myself than to use code.
Uh, so this is simply an LM call with structured outputs.
So I want judge to respond with an evaluation.
This is a pedantic class that I create and it has feedback.
And then a score where score is from 0 to 100.
It's feedback on it's going to be given, uh, what was sent to another agent.
And the response and it's going to give its feedback and its score.
And as the trick that I mentioned before, I'm asking it for its feedback, for its rationale, before
it gives the score.
And that way we have explainable AI.
We're going to see a score and we're going to know why it gave the score that it did.
And then this is my my main function evaluate.
It is given some original instructions a task and the output.
And it comes up with an evaluation as a result of that.
And so I say as the instructions, you're an evaluation agent that evaluates the quality of a financial
report from a financial planning agent.
Uh, you'll be provided with the instructions that were sent to the analyst and its output, and you
must evaluate the quality.
And so it's given the original instructions, the original task and the output that came back.
And it responds.
It's given the output type must be evaluation.
And then uh, here I have results.
Final output as an evaluation object that is classic structured outputs.
Making sure that the model will respond in this format.
And this is our way of having a judge that's able to investigate a prior agent response.
Now let's see how we actually use this judge.