And you probably realize it from the name judge.
This is a classic example of the pattern known as LM as a judge, where we're using a model to judge
the performance of another model.
So I'm going to lambda handler for the reporter agent.
This is the entry point.
And if we come in here by the way you'll notice the the tenacity retry.
So that if a rate limit is hit a rate limit error then it will automatically retry.
Always a good practice as we said.
So this is the reporter agent that is then run and it comes up with a final output.
But look there's something new here.
If we're in observability mode then I create something called a span with judge as the title.
I then uh, I call this evaluate function.
This is exactly the function I showed you a second ago with the instructions that were sent to the reporter,
the task that was sent to the reporter, and its response.
The score that I get back, I divide that by 100.
So it's now between 0 and 1, because I asked the agent for between 0 and 100 and I take the feedback.
And now I'm going to to to register this score span.
Score.
This is a long fuse command to register a score that we'll be able to track.
And I also make an observation and I say observability create event.
So I'm calling.
Fuse to register this event that this judging happened.
Uh and I've also got this little test here.
And this is my guardrail.
If score is less than some minimum level, I'm saying guard against score.
Let's look at that.
That is 0.3.
If the score is less than 0.3 less than 30%, then that is a problem.
And I log an error that it got too low and I overwrite the response.
The financial report that the reporter agent came up with.
I wipe it out and I replace it with, I'm sorry, I'm not able to generate a report from you for you.
Please try again later.
And that is what will be sent back to the user.
So this is an example of an LM as a judge with a guardrail to prevent bad analysis from going to the
user.
Uh, and also using observability to track this and to register the score and create an event.
Uh, and so that that is our code for doing that.
Uh, I also put in another couple of events just so we could see them.
I have reporter started exclamation mark as an event.
Uh, and I think I also log, I make an event to say that it was it's, uh, it's running with, with
the username as well.
Somewhere here.
Here it is.
Reporter about to run.
And I give it the job ID and the clerk user ID as well so that we're making another event here.
So these are all extra messages that I'm pushing into lang views so we can see them all happening.
All right.
Those are the changes I've made.
That is the observability code.
That is the LM as a judge, the guardrail and the score and the events that I added into Lang Fuse.
It's time for us to kick this off on the user interface and then go and take a look in lang views.
Let's do it.
Ah, not so fast, you're thinking.
There's one more step to be done before we go and try this out.
You know what I almost missed there?
You got it.
Yes, yes.
All right, we have to.
Of course.
Go and do a terraform apply.
Because we changed the environment variables to turn on observability and to put in our Lang views credentials.
And until we do a Terraform apply.
AWS doesn't have a clue about this.
So we have to go into Terraform.
And one of the beautiful things about Terraform, that a really nice way that we've set everything up,
is that all you have to do is go into that agent's folder.
This is the only place where the environment variables have changed.
So inside this we can just type terraform apply and it will just make that change immediately to roll
out just the change to the environment variables that we made.
And we'll say yes and off it goes.
Uh it's now going to do that deploy.
It's going to make any changes it needs to make.
We'll let it do its thing.
And when it's done, it should be pretty quick.
Uh, we'll then, uh, we'll then then go and bring up our Alex front end and we will kick off a run.
And here we are back in Alex.
The front end.
It just completed the deployment.
Such a beautiful front end.
So wonderful.
Uh, I do notice looking at our beautiful front end, that there is a bit of a bug.
I spot that it says last analysis.
Never on the top right, even though there was analysis.
So I will look to fix that pronto.
But if you see this, if I didn't fix it, you can go and fix it for me right now.
Or at some point I will get ratty with Claude again and have it do it.
Uh, but in the meantime, you can take another.
Just take a moment to look through these fantastic screens and see all of the great work that we've
done and imagine everything that's going on with the API layer to surface all of this information to
us.
And then when we're ready, we go to the advisor team and we kick off a new analysis.
And now it is running out there.
And, uh, all of our agents are picking up, and you'll notice that it took a little tiny bit longer
than it did before because of course, we've now got my time dot sleep hack in there.
Uh, and, uh, so we'll be just, uh, 15 seconds longer than it was before.
Uh, actually, more than that, because each of the agents has a ten second sleep in it.
Uh, so I guess it's 25 seconds in total longer than it used to be, but it will finish.
And when it's finished, we'll be able to go into long fuse the observability framework and see what
we can make of our agent activity.
And here we have the results of our run.
We've got a nice little summary here.
We've got a retirement projection here.
And if we go to the charts we've got a bunch of useful charts as well.
And with that, it is time for us to go to Lang Fuse and see what we can see.
Uh, I had to flick.
I want to show you the home screen first.
Uh, we get to see in the home screen.
Now, I've run this once or twice before, so I see probably more than you're seeing right now.
We get to see that there are a bunch of traces from the retirement agent, the charter agent, the planner
orchestrator, and the reporter agent.
We get to see the traces by time.
I've done 77 traces since I set this up a few days ago.
Uh, and, uh, the model costs, you'll see, is zero, which would be nice.
Unfortunately, the models haven't cost us zero.
It's that model costs are being tracked in bedrock, uh, and through AWS that doesn't get reported
back to Lang views.
So we don't actually get the cost information and Lang views, which is a shame.
But we do get all of this other stuff.
Uh, and now once you've done that, you turn to tracing, which is where the action happens.
So I know there's a lot to take on if I, if I, uh, change this to just the last 30 minutes.
Here we go.
So, uh, what you see here, this is just the trace from the run that I just did.
Each row represents a different trace, which is a different, uh, agent report, if you like.
Um, and intermingled with that as some of the events that I had coded, I hard coded that you saw.
So this is the planner Orchestrator.
And then a couple of events the reporter started.
Reporter about to run, if you remember that.
And then the reporter.
The charter and retirement.
So these are all of our agent tracers being shown here in Lang Flow all from the past 30 minutes.
All that just ran now.
All right.
Let's dig into the actual tracers themselves.
Let's start with the charter agent I click into that.
Up comes here the actual information.
If I click down on this last row we can get to see right here things like the the tokens in and out.
The model that was used.
We can see the inputs that came in.
This was the prompting and this was the output which is indeed a JSON set of charts.
It has been working and we can click on the retirement agent and see that up and do the same, the same
trickery and get to see what came in and out.
So we can use this as a way of really understanding what are the different inputs and outputs, how
are the the conversations happening between our different agents.
And then we can click on the planner orchestrator.
This is our planner agent.
And we can see with this one that it gets started.
And then it invokes the reporter, the charter and the retirement.
The three tool calls that it makes which is great to see.
And then it completes.
So this is this is a really nice way of seeing everything that's going on and getting tons of detail
about it.
And there's also this little switch up here timeline.
And if I turn that switch on then.
And I think we're going to have to try and see how I resize this a bit.
You get to see like this, this timeline at the top here about what's happening when.
And see that that pretty quickly it, it evoked the three different tools, the three different agents
at the same time in parallel.
And they all completed around here.
And then it finished off.
Uh, and so that gives you a good sense of, of all of the activities that are happening against the
timeline.
And you can see a similar timeline for each of these, but the other ones are a little bit more boring.
Uh, it's this one, that planner that's the most fun.
All right.
And then last but not least, we'll take a look at the the reporter.
And so now looking into the reporter agent, you can see there that this is the flow that it ran that
it's called Get Market Insights, that it came back and gave its response.
But that then went into judge and judge ran the judge agent that I showed you a minute ago and got back
a completion and then registered a judge event.
You can see that on a timeline and see I'll scroll over to the right how it first gets its market insights.
It runs and then it does its judging.
Let's go back to this view again and we can read the judge event.
It gives a score of 85.85.
It's comprehensive and well structured.
It covers all requirements.
The the however the report lacks the market context from the Get Market Insights tool which was instructed
to be included.
So it wasn't exactly I guess I'm not sure about that evaluation.
It's saying that it should have included more information that it got from the markets, from using
its tool in the final report, uh, which I guess maybe that's fair feedback.
Uh, who knows?
But that is the decision.
It's 85%, which means it's good enough to make it through our guardrail at 30% by a comfortable margin.
But this is where we can see the results.
And this is where we can we can see the score that came back and see that it's registered here.
And that is the tour of Lang views.
There's lots more to play with.
There's a place where you can actually register and track the different scores that you do.
There's you can set up LM as a judge is where you can actually configure, uh, an LM within Lang views
and connect it to a paid API and have Lang views running the LM as a judge functionality.
Uh, as, as a platform, um, there's annotations and there's data sets that you can put in here as
well.
Uh, and I would encourage you to spend some time getting getting lost in lang views, learn about all
the things you can do and get insight.
Run your run a few times.
Look through the conversation that's happening between your agents, and get that deep understanding
and deep insights into the real flow of your agents in production.