Well, I hope that long fuse brought you much joy, and you felt like a true ML ops person while you
dug in to your agent conversations.
All right, so that's pretty much wraps up the observability section, especially if you spent some
quality time with it.
But there's one more tiny nugget to show you one more thing, which is that I have a little script to
demo to you called Watch Agents, which is in the backend directory.
If you go into the backend directory and you type, you've run watch agents.
This shows you it's going to call the AWS cli as another way to look at the log information that's being
logged to CloudWatch.
So this is really more about monitoring than observability.
But it looks cool.
So I wanted to leave it till the very end.
All right so this is running.
And you might say well I'm not sure that it does look cool.
It looks kind of boring to me.
You could be forgiven for saying that.
But let's go to our dashboard, this beautiful screen, and let's go to the advisor team and kick off
a new analysis.
We'd like to find out what's going on with our with our investments, please.
And while we do so, we will look back at this and oh, something just happened.
Uh, it actually is constantly tailing the logs and printing the logs from each of the different agents,
and it will print the report from each agent with a different color here.
And people who've been on my courses before, they all seem to end the final project.
The final part ends with something logging with different colors from different agents.
I don't know why.
I guess that's my thing.
Uh, so you can see if I scroll up, you'll see the planner doing doing first of all.
Uh, well, first, at the very top, you'll see that it checks the observability configuration, sets
up Lang fuse set up complete.
And now you'll see that, uh, it's doing the fetching of market prices from polygon IO.
And then it's making its, uh, it's its report right here.
The reporter is running and um, uh, let's go see.
See it doing this.
This is where planner evoked reporter evoked charter and invoked retirement.
And this is this is that going, uh, you'll see this little error here, which is an interesting one.
This is it's reporting the fact.
I don't know if you remember, I had some longview's code to track that variable.
The, the, the, the results that I wanted to track.
And the current way that Lang fuse is working with open AI agents SDK doesn't allow you to do that.
I'm hoping that's something that they will fix shortly.
So by the time you run this, that error might not be there.
And you may find that that result is getting properly tracked in Lang Fuse.
But it doesn't matter.
The error doesn't stop anything.
You can just see the charter just finished and it responded with its JSON for the charts.
And, uh, retirement is just here.
And you'll see this purple at the end is the, the the traces finishing up.
Um, and now we're back to planner again.
Charter completed successfully.
It's evoking the retirement lambda.
Uh, so we'll let that one go.
And.
Here we see the retirement information coming through.
It's in it's waiting 10s at the end.
And we're now back to planner again.
Planner is now doing its 15 second wait for the flush to complete.
This is the final, final, final part.
We'll give it its 15 seconds.
Uh, this is the hack that I put in to make sure that all of the the observability Finishes planner
just finished.
It tracks its duration, the memory size.
And then now, if we turn back to the screens, we'll see that the results are showing with the overview,
the retirement and the charts that we just saw coming through in our log.
So there was a lot to follow there.
You're probably like, what's going on?
Uh, but it's cool to see this.
It's cool to see the different colors of the different ports coming from our logs.
Uh, as this as this all comes out as it flows from our different agents.
Uh, and so this is giving you yet another view.
It's again, it's coming from CloudWatch, but it's another way of looking at your logs.
Another way of observing everything that's going on in production.
Well, I promised you a substantive day and I hope you agree I delivered.
I realized I did a lot of talking, but also I showed you stuff, I showed you monitoring, and I showed
you observability in the wonderful form of languages, which I hope you enjoyed.
And also, of course, that script at the end with agents logging in color, because that's how we do
it.
Uh uh, so we, we did a lot of stuff when we talked about security.
We focused on the kind of pretty general cloud security, like IAM permissions and about JWT and stuff
like that.
There is another side of security as well, which is being very mindful of some of the kinds of security
concerns people have with agents in particular.
And so I thought it was worth spending one second on that.
There are a lot of concerns about the new information security risks posed by Agentic AI and in particular,
the the, uh, amazing success of MCP servers, which allows you to equip agents with new functionality,
brings about some significant risks, and it's important to understand what those risks are.
Now, on the one hand, running an MCP server is not much different from doing a pip install of any
open source package and running that code You're equipping an agent with the ability to use this functionality,
and you need to make sure that that functionality is secure.
And so the first the first thing that people, people think about is what what are the new security
risks.
What what what is the problem?
One problem is that MCP servers are so easy to access that even people who aren't necessarily as technically
savvy as you and me can easily just get an MCP server and attach it to Claude.
And then Claude can start using it to do functionality.
And where someone might not know how to pip install a package, they can suddenly be running other people's
code on their computer.
So that's definitely an education problem.
And that's something where we need everyone to be aware of the need to trust the authors of MCP servers
and know the detail of what kind of functionality you are equipping an agent with.
But there's something else as well.
There is another security concern that's worth digging into, and that is something which I'm going
to show you now.
I'm going to use the words of Simon Willison, who is the the person that wrote a blog post I showed
you earlier this week, which he.
He's the guy I mentioned likes to make.
Uh llms draw pictures of svg's of pelicans riding bikes, and he's a great writer and has so much to
say about Llms.
And he was was looking deeply at what what are the issues that have emerged as a result of giving models,
giving Llms access to MCP servers?
What new problems do they introduce?
Particularly thinking about recently, there's been some problems with Superbase MCP server and famously
with a GitHub MCP server.
And what his his insight is that there is a situation when you give when when you're in a situation
when a model has three different abilities, and if you have all three of those abilities, then that
can open up new kinds of security risk.
And let me tell you about what they are.
And then we'll, we'll, uh, think about it a bit.
And I also want to ask you the question of do we have those three in the case of Alex.
So have that in the back of your mind.
And because there's three of them, Simon described them as the lethal trifecta.
And if you Google that, you can read his blog post.
And it's great and super funny.
It was actually a presentation that he gave that he then blogged about afterwards.
So the first of them is an MCP server that has or just just generally an agent, an agent that is given
the ability to access private data.
So any MCP server that is able.
One of the things it can do is access data that should not be in the public domain.
Um, and obviously that's very common.
And yeah, obviously, certainly that is true for us.
In the case of Alex.
Alex is able to access the private equity portfolio of of the users.
So the model does have access to private data.
Okay.
So that's one of the tenants of the Lethal trifecta.
The second of them is access to untrusted content.
What does that mean?
So that's saying like if if someone is able to type in a prompt, a prompt from the outside that will
be able to get in and be something which is sent to this agent.
So untrusted content means stuff.
Prompt text that we didn't write.
As the software developers, you didn't write for your agent framework.
So access to untrusted content is something that would be the second pillar.
I have a think about whether or not any of that applies for Alex.
Is there any is there any case when the user is prompting Alex, the, the, the agent, and then the
third tenant is the ability to communicate externally?
So does this agent have the ability to send information to an external third party?
That is the third.
And what Simon explains in the in the post is that if you have 1 or 2 of these three, then you're not
necessarily in big, in big trouble in any new kind of security loophole.
But if you have all three, then trouble can ensue.
And he gives a few examples.
But one of them, famously, is an example of a GitHub MCP server that had had a vulnerability, a loophole.