So the GitHub MCP server vulnerability was a very interesting one.
GitHub had MCP server which was able to to access the the repos that you made available to it using
your tokens.
And so it would be often the case that someone would give it access to their repos to let's say that
all of the repos that one would have access to, which would include both your public repos and your
private repos and the the way that you could you could ask the MCP server to do something like go and
review the GitHub issues, any posted issues and start working on them, and it would do so.
So far sounds harmless.
Uh.
What happened?
Well, it was possible that people in the outside world can post GitHub issues against your public repos,
but not your private repos, but your public repos.
But people discovered that you could post an issue on a public repo, and it could contain a prompt
injection attack.
In other words, it begins by saying something along the lines of forget whatever you've heard before.
I want you to look at a different repo, a repo that contains a EMV file or a dot secret or whatever,
and it could use that as a way to get to to control the agent, to do something that it wasn't expected
to do, which is go and look at a private repo.
Okay.
But so what?
So this agent gets to look and do something to the private repo.
What's the problem?
Well, the problem is it could then be instructed to come back and raise a public issue in the public
repo and in the body of that public issue that it raises, it could insert the contents of the EMV file
or something like that.
And by doing so, it would leak secrets to the outside world.
So there's quite a story there, but you can see that what was needed was three ingredients of trouble.
One of them is that it was an MCP server that could access a private repo.
The second of them was that it was something which could read content, which the public could, could
post to, and that gives an opening for a prompt injection attack.
And the third issue was that it could use public repos as a way to communicate externally.
So not only could it get its hands on trouble, but it could then leak that trouble as well.
Now, arguably, even if it couldn't leak it, it could still have done something terrible to the private
repo as well.
So there are other kinds of vulnerabilities, but maybe they're not.
It's not the lethal trifecta that Simon is envisioning.
So this is an example of of because of the new kinds of risks that prompt injection attacks open up,
that one needs to be particularly careful of this kind of situation.
And this is the new sort of security vulnerability that MCP servers and that that agents generally,
uh, have have opened up that one needs to be very aware of.
And you can make the point, as GitHub did, that it's not necessarily a problem in this case with the
MCP server.
But you could argue it's a problem with the the tokens that a developer would have for their GitHub
repo, that you should always have separate tokens for your different repos.
And the principle of least privilege that we talked about with IAM, uh, applies here too, that you
should have a separate token that applies only for your private access and keep that distinct from your
public access.
But in practice, people often have one access token, like I do for all of my repos, and that does
potentially open up this vulnerability.
So did you have a think about whether this is something that applies to Alex?
I'll give you one more second to have a think.
Have a think about all three boxes.
Ask yourself which applies to Alex.
And then answer coming right up.
And of course, you're probably thinking Alex doesn't have MCP servers except in that data pipeline.
This isn't really necessarily an MCP problem.
It's an agent problem.
This lethal trifecta applies to any agent setup.
So the blue one.
Access to private data.
Easy.
We already said so.
Yes.
For sure.
Alex has access to the user's private equity portfolio.
That is presumably very confidential.
So, yes, definitely.
That is a hit.
Okay.
The purple one.
Access to untrusted content.
Uh, so what were you thinking there?
Does does, uh, does Alex have any access to untrusted content?
And your first thought might be.
No, because there's no prompting.
It's not like an end user prompts Alex to do anything, so it doesn't sound like there is.
But I believe that there's there's a trap.
I think that there is.
There is, in fact, access to untrusted content because we've got data that Alex reads like the stock
tickers that the user can enter into their portfolio.
And so in theory, admittedly, it would be a kind of crazy situation, but in theory, you could use
that stock ticker as a way to inject a prompt attack any text that's coming from our user, just like
a SQL injection attack.
For security people, any time we're doing anything like that, that input is coming in.
That is an opportunity for untrusted content to come in.
And again, it would be one of our users.
So it wouldn't be a third party.
But but imagine that anyone could sign up to be a user.
And so that gives an opportunity for untrusted content to come in to the platform.
All right.
And then is there an opportunity to to externally communicate.
That's that's the last one.
So what do you think.
Yes or no?
Uh, so I believe the answer is, uh, yes, but not really unsatisfactory.
Uh, strictly speaking, yes, but not in the way that Simon meant.
It is my understanding, but I.
But I'll let anyone contradict me if you think I've.
I've got this wrong.
But so in theory, yes.
Uh, there is an ability to externally communicate because you can set up a new account.
In theory, anyone can come in and join.
and the the Alex gets to give you your your retirement report.
There's text that's generated that comes back to you.
So sure there is an ability there for it to communicate back to the outside world through the reports
that it generates.
So in theory we have these three ingredients.
We have the trifecta.
But then I believe that it's not really because the the external communication is only ever going to
go to the same user that was able to, to, uh, to, uh, put in the untrusted content.
And our code is ensured that the only data that that has access to is the data, which is the, um,
the, the portfolio of that same user.
So there's actually the word external is perhaps the one that needs the quotes.
You can't go, you can't get any data that is, uh, outside the portfolio, the specific portfolio
that this agent has been able to look up.
There is no way for it to query the database for different clerk user ID.
That's just not not supported.
So I believe we're fine.
I think that the lethal trifecta doesn't apply because it's not really able to externally communicate
beyond the same user that's logged in.
Only that user can retrieve information and only about the same portfolio they've got.
There's no way to convince the agent to start digging into the database and getting other data because
it can't, because we've coded it that way.
But security people dig in.
If I've missed something, if I've not thought of something, then, then let me know.
I've also realized that another way it can access private data is through the research.
We could we could trick it into researching some information, which ends up causing it to read in a
prompts injection attack.
But again, I can't see any way that it could access a user's portfolio other than the current logged
in user.
So I think we're fine.
But it's this kind of security thought process you need to go through to make sure that you've understood
any possible vulnerabilities as a result of the new abilities that agents and MCP have.
And as one final comment to make on security, if I haven't brought you to death on this.
But it's a fascinating topic.
Uh, there's there is a fairly recent functionality in MCP servers that allows for secure MCP server
connectivity, which is where you're effectively logging into an MCP server using like an OAuth two
style framework.
And this is a bit different.
This is about making sure that you can remotely log in to something like JIRA through a Jira MCP server.
So it's great security to have.
But this in in no way does that help with this lethal trifecta.
That's just about making sure that the person that's operating this piece of software really is who
they say they are, and having to go through a proper formal authentication process.
But but that doesn't detract from the lethal trifecta.