Okay.
And so to wrap up our capstone project, it's time for you to take some homework.
Your assignment please.
Uh, I would like you to take Alex forwards in one of three different directions.
Again, as we did last week, uh, and one of them is, again, to go deeper on data engineering, if
that is your thing.
You remember that when we built the data pipes last week, it's just basically searching online for
something interesting.
But we did give it the ability to take an input about what it should search for.
But but at the moment it's just searching for any, any news related to financial planning.
Uh, and that's a bit random.
It would be a lot better if it actually got information from the agents about what it should look for
related to the user's portfolios, and it researched topics relevant to them and stored that in the
knowledge base.
And so making the data pipes be relevant to portfolios, connecting the dots between what we did this
week and what we did last week, that would be really cool.
That would be a big improvement to Alex, and it would be great if you were able to make that and a
second direction you could take.
It is going deeper on MLOps, so building in the more substantive monitoring that I showed you in the
guide.
Putting in more monitoring and developing your own monitoring approach.
Putting in the the cloud, the CloudWatch alerts so you get alerts.
Everything goes down.
Putting in better guardrails, both some hard coded guardrails and Python and maybe some llms as a judge.
Guardrails, maybe using Lang Views tool to do that, and then tracking model drift.
So record some some values, uh, record some metrics, get them in lang views and then track them over
time and record what happens to them.
So if the model performance is gradually going downwards, you'll get that kind of reporting.
You'll get an early head start to improve it.
So this is all sleeves rolled up.
MLOps really understanding the performance of your models in production.
And last and definitely not least, and the one that I hope that some of you sign up for is working
on the Agentic AI.
It's about improving the financial planner in all the things we did this week.
Maybe the thing we didn't look at very much was the actual results that you get.
If you look on those pages, what actually came back from Nova.
And I got to tell you that of all of the really amazing things I showed you, that is possibly right
now the least amazing that the quality of the financial advice it gives is kind of, uh, I think maybe
the Monte Carlo simulation part is a bit dodgy, and I think maybe it's interpretation of it is just
sort of so-so, and it could be so much better.
We should work on the context engineering to equip it with real information about what a financial planner
needs to know.
There should be interactions between the agents.
The three agents are working in isolation, but really the retirement one should be taking in the information
from the report.
And so, so should the charter.
So there should be some some dependency between the agents.
And maybe they should be able to do deep research where one of them comes up with some topics and then
the others work on it.
There's so much that could be done here so that the agent interactions go deeper, get more content,
use more tools, maybe have access to to real financial planning tools in order to be able to improve
the quality of the results.
And I got to tell you something, and I mean this.
So seriously, I feel like Alex really is a true commercial platform.
Like this is something that could be monetized.
Now, obviously there is that disclaimer on the front of it.
It's clearly not a qualified financial planner.
And that disclaimer is very important to bear in mind to understand what you could realistically charge
for this.
But nonetheless, you could take this, this, this kernel, this seed, this seed, this starting point,
and build on top of this and build something that has deep intelligence.
It's able to research, it's able to use tools, it's able to add value and come up with comprehensive
financial analysis based on your portfolio.
Looking up stock prices in polygon and researching companies using its expertise and building charts
that project your retirement earnings.
So there's a lot that could be done here if you work on the AI.
I believe that this is a is a product that can actually sell.
And so you could emerge from this homework assignment with something which is actually able to earn
revenue.
And that would be a thing.
So I'm very excited.
I'm very hopeful that people do this AI part and make, make, make the whole Alex platform more rich.
And whilst you're doing that, you could also touch on the data engineering side and the MLOps side
as well, and do do a good trifecta, uh, to, to counterbalance the evil trifecta from before.
Uh, that would be fantastic.
And that would give us a real product actually in production and actually earning revenue.
And please remember, with whatever you build, we would love to see it.
We need to share it.
Please do post uh, document a markdown file or a Jupyter notebook.
In the community contributions folder of the production repo, not the repo, but the production repo.
So we have it all in one place.
Uh, and give a link to your product out there.
If it's a product that you've monetized, then I suggest you don't give us the code, but you send us
a link to the actual product so I can come in, and as long as it's cheap enough, I'll subscribe to
it.
I'll bring you in some revenue.
Uh, and, uh, if it, if it will manage my accounts and, uh, that that would be great.
Uh, but and of course, you can use Clark's functionality to set up subscription tiers, but this would
be a really good way to to share what you've done.
If you haven't built a full on commercial product, don't worry, I'd still love to see it.
Please do whatever changes you've got and, uh, share a link with your writeup of what you've done.
This is going to be the most satisfying part of all of this course will be seeing what people make,
how you're able to take this, this seed of a product and take it forwards and make it richer, more
powerful.
Financial planner A financial planner deployed to production.
Oh my goodness, it's been a huge day.
That concludes the capstone project.
It's an enterprise strength capstone project.
We've done so much and I yeah, I feel like I talked a lot today, but this this was this was absolutely
the the important material that we needed to cover.
It's all been building up to that.
Uh, and I hope that, that you really feel knowledgeable now that you've built this expertise.
And so you should because the number is 95.
We are 95% of the way through.
You've you've really imagined what we've got done in, uh, not even four weeks.
Uh, it's been huge.
And you're probably thinking, wow, this feels like, so conclusive.
Like it really feels like we've we've reached a finale.
This has felt epic today.
It's felt just legendary.
What more could there possibly be?
Well, I tell you what more there could possibly be, but I'm not going to tell you.
You're going to have to wait until tomorrow.
I'll see you then.