How has time gone by so quickly?
How could we already be at day five of week four, the last day of the whole course?
I hate these sad farewell moments, but never fear, I have a cracking day in store for you.
We're going to have a lot of fun today.
You've probably seen that that box out there.
A gigantic AI platforms and wondered, oh, what's that going to be about?
Well, it's going to be about great, great stuff.
And we're about to get to it after we just finish off some admin from yesterday.
And first of all, I just want to say a couple more things about our old friends.
The enterprise grade the six tenants, scalability, security monitoring, guardrails, explainability,
observability.
So I wanted to make one extra point, which is to mention what I call the three amigos.
The fact that three of those fit nicely together, and those three are the guardrails that we talked
about and guardrails.
You remember, there are these sort of two different breeds of guardrails.
There are code based guardrails, which is where you simply write code that checks things, Controls
such as?
Look at the charter agent.
It needs to produce strictly JSON.
If it doesn't produce JSON for a chart, then something may be wrong.
So that could be a code check you could put in there.
It could also test for for problematic for things in language which shouldn't be there.
For a start, it could check for cuss words, but also it could check for things like, uh, ignore
previous instructions or anything like that.
That might be a red flag.
So those are code based guardrails.
They're quite simply Python code that looks at the inputs or the outputs and validates it against a
series of checks.
And then the other type of guardrail is the LLM as a judge guardrail.
And we actually coded one of those ourselves.
And this is where of course you take the input or the output and you send it off to an LLM to check
it.
And typically you're checking either for coherence.
So making sure that it's uh, something which, which makes sense and is addressing the challenge.
And also for alignment, making sure we don't have anything that is apparently trying to break the system.
And I say check output here.
But it could also be checking the inputs equally in the same way, making sure that it's in line with
what's expected and that it's aligned with the task at hand.
But going hand in hand with guardrails is monitoring because you need to be able to detect quickly.
If a guardrail is broken, you can't just let that happen in production and then just just let it keep
going.
So this is about both logging errors, but also on having alerting through things like the CloudWatch
alerts to make sure that anomalies are detected and that action is taken.
That is part and parcel of having guardrails.
And of course, similar to that is observability.
Not just seeing one off cases but also being able to spot trends, see what's happening.
If your model is slipping into a world where it's frequently making mistakes or things aren't going
as you expected.
So guardrails in conjunction with monitoring and observability is really the three bits that need to
be stuck together and work together to make sure that you've got protections in place and that they're
raised quickly.
And to state the obvious, these three amigos form an important part of your security posture when it
comes to thinking about things like the lethal trifecta.
You can always do planning ahead of time by thinking proactively about what vulnerabilities you might
have, but that will only get you so far.
You need to combine that with very effective guardrails, monitoring observability so that should a
new problem arise in production, it's trapped.
You're notified and you're quickly making sure that you followed up to make sure there are no similar
vulnerabilities out there.
And on the topic of observability, there's one more thing I didn't show you yesterday, which is that
we spent time in Lang views looking at the observability metrics.
And of course, we were also logging everything to OpenAI's observability platform as well, because
we had to set up that key.
And so for at no cost at all, totally for free.
OpenAI has been observing for us, and we can use the traces tool as well to look at that.
You come in, you go to dashboard, you click on logs and then you click here on traces.
It moved recently and here we will see all of our agents as they've been busily chatting to OpenAI.
And you can see that the planner, reporter, charter and retirement all ran.
Uh, and the reporter agent uh, had a report writer that also went to the judge agent.
And here you go.
You can open it up and see.
Yes, it called the Get Market Insights tool.
Did some generation the judge agent also did its generation.
And there's the timeline over there.
So it's I think a familiar tool for you probably but but this is showing the traces also available here.
It's not as extensive as Lang views I don't think you can track scores and raise events, but it's still
it's a nice platform.
I like the way it's presented, and so it's great to know that you also have this to hand as well.
And so finally, to wrap up some admin for Alex, our financial planner, you see in the done section,
we really got it all done.
We first built the database, then we built the five agents behind it and then the front end and API
layer.
And then we spent a lot of time yesterday beefing it up, making sure that we had it at enterprise level.
And now the to do for you.
The action for you, as I said last time, is to go out and make it your own.
Change this into something that works for you.
If you want, you could make it a completely different product because you've got a nice structure there
that like a cookie cutter setup that you can then use to put in your own front end and back end code
in your own agents.
But this is your opportunity.
Either make just very small tweaks to make it, maybe just change the look and feel.
Maybe add a little bit of functionality, tweak the prompts, do whatever you'd like to do, or maybe
revamp the whole thing and use this as your opportunity.
Your capstone project to make your enterprise grade multi-agent system deployed to the internet.
And then either either now or once you've done with that, do remember to go in and bring down the infrastructure
so you're not still paying for it unless you wish to.
And the easiest way to do that is just to starting at the last of the Terraform directories.
Go in and type Terraform, destroy and work your way back up.
As you bring down each of the bits of infrastructure.
You don't need to do it that way.
Each each Terraform folder is independent in its own right, but you can do that and see it coming down.
And then just as we did before, you can go back into AWS as the root user and use the Resources Explorer
to make sure that everything is nice and empty.
There's nothing that's unexpected.
And do be sure to keep monitoring your API costs.
Go back into the billing and cost management.
Make sure you're fully aware.
Make sure you've got the right budget alerts set up so you'll be alerted.
And this might be a good opportunity to remind you as well to go back into GCP and Azure.
Make sure nothing's been ticking away over there.
Make sure that you've got the very, very careful eye on your API spend.
And with that, that completes the admin and finishes off the capstone project.
And we can now move on to a completely new topic.
Prepare for it.