And so I welcome you to the final topic of the final day of the final week of the AI and production
course, the grand Finale.
Let me introduce to you the new topic of an agent platform.
What is an agent platform?
Are you saying?
Why haven't I mentioned it before?
So I probably have because it comes up a lot and a lot of people ask about it.
But an agent platform is one of these integrated end to end solutions that lets you build and deploy
complete AI agent solutions in managed infrastructure, where everything is set up and organized for
you.
And you might be thinking, okay, wow, that sounds great.
And why didn't you tell us about that right back at the beginning?
That might have been helpful.
Uh, so so the answer is because it has pros and cons, and in some ways, actually vassal that we used
is is a sort of it's not a full agent platform, although they do have agent templates.
Uh, but it's certainly along those lines.
It's a similar concept, but typically agent platforms are very much oriented around a straight up agent
deployment.
Okay, so you're thinking you have examples for me.
I do indeed.
So people who took my agent course, we talked about some of these as we went through.
So there's platforms like crew, AI, enterprise.
If you work with with crew, then they they frequently do mention that whilst crew AI is an open source
platform, they do have a paid offering called crew AI enterprise and sometimes branded a bit differently,
but mostly Crew Enterprise, which is their their complete managed infrastructure for when you've built
your crew, you can then deploy it and have it running on their platforms.
The same thing happened with Landgraf when when I taught Landgraf in the Agentic course, I showed you
that there was also Landgraf platform, which is their paid product for deploying and running your Landgraf
agents on the cloud.
And people that work in the Google ecosystem are probably quite familiar with vertex AI agents.
And this has quite a terminology confusion.
There is vertex AI agent builder and there's vertex AI agent engine, and there's some other variations
as well.
So there's there's a, there's a whole vocabulary around this.
But basically vertex AI has agent capabilities.
And this previously I believe was actually quite tied to long chain.
And recently they've varied it a bit so that now it's got its own kind of branding.
So and it's the one that's been around the longest I think vertex was one of the very first, uh, into
this game.
Uh, others have taken a bit longer.
Um, but, but that is some of the landscape.
These are some of the agent platforms that you might have heard of.
But wait, I hear you say there is another ah, yes, there is indeed another.
So about a month ago, I think for me, very recently Amazon announced and released Amazon Bedrock Agent
Core.
It's quite a mouthful.
Amazon Bedrock agent Core.
It's like a tongue twister.
Uh, so so that was released recently and it is currently for me in preview.
It is Amazon Bedrock agent core preview just rolls off the tongue.
Uh, and uh, but but but they and so they say it may it may change.
But they're hoping to bring it out of preview quite soon.
And this is AWS Managed Agent platform, their agent platform, uh, offering.
And it's got quite a lot of excitement and it's relatively new and it's got a lot of reasons to like
it.
So what exactly is it?
Well, actually, that's a good question.
Uh, it turns out that that that it is, is, uh, a combination of different things.
It's several different things that are sort of packaged together under the Amazon Bedrock Agent Core
branding.
And it's super confusing.
It's actually even worse than vertex AI because they've got a number of different products with very
similar names that are easy to get muddled up.
And even when you're talking to someone and say, Bedrock Agent Core, you might be referring to different
things.
So in just a minute, I'm going to come back and very clearly define the different building blocks that
make up Amazon Bedrock Agent core.
But for the time being, just believe me that it is another of these agent platforms and integrated
product for building and then deploying AI agents in a way that is that is managed, which means that
you're relying on the cloud provider to take care of the details, and they charge you a bit extra than
you having to take care of the details in return for making it fast and streamlined and easy.
Okay, so with that, this is a good time for me to tell you what what are what are the pros and cons
of adopting something like an agent platform instead of rolling your own?
Instead of doing what we've been doing for the last few days?
Because it would be quite a bore if that was all a complete waste of time.
And you should always use an agent platform.
And the answer is you shouldn't always use an agent platform.
There are pros and cons and let's cover them now.
And I imagine this is going to be pretty obvious stuff that you're expecting me to say.
But the pros obviously, first of all, compared to what we've been working on, the time to market
is just amazing.
Like, you can build something and deploy it and have agents running in a few minutes.
It's a bit like the Versaille experience.
There's a huge parallels with Versaille.
It's really quick to get something out there.
It's it's very much simplified.
There's much less to worry about.
Fewer decisions.
And as part of that, it's these all of these frameworks are very much what one would call batteries
included.
I originally think I used that back when, when in the Agentic course, when we were working with crew
to describe crew as a batteries included framework, meaning that you get a lot in the box.
It comes, it comes with a lot of stuff built in, so you don't have to go out and buy the batteries
separately.
It's just it's just all there in it, which is great.
So that sounds like some, some, some perfect prose.
What can there possibly not be to love?
And I know you're all old hands at this, so you know perfectly well what the cons are, but just to
go through them anyway.
The cons, of course.
Uh, actually, this first one's a bit different that you probably know this too, but.
But the agent platforms themselves are.
They're all relatively new to the field.
Uh, perhaps with the exception of vertex, uh, which is sort of reinvented itself.
But they're relatively new, and they're clearly kind of looking to define their space and muscling
in on their space.
And I think in a lot of cases, these are about products trying to find a monetization strategy.
So platforms like like Crew and Landgraf, they're incredibly popular open source frameworks.
But seeing the path to monetization might be harder.
So trying to to follow this, this route and say, look, since you built using a fabulous open source
framework, you can also press a button and have that be running in production for a small fee, that
that is a natural monetization path.
And so I do think a lot of this is about people trying to find that path.
Now, obviously AWS doesn't doesn't exactly have a monetization issue.
And I suspect for them it's different.
It's more about making sure that they they get their turf.
They don't want to lose business to other people, because if other people use something like vertex
AI, then that will of course be being deployed to Google's infrastructure.
So Amazon wants to make sure that they've got a big player in this bag of new agent platforms.
So that's one con, but I think the other two cons are the ones you're expecting me to say.
One of them, of course, is just the flip side.
It's hugely simplified and as a result you get less flexibility.
Uh, you press the buttons, it gets deployed, and you don't have the same kind of granular control
over what's happening.
You're just going along with with the way that it got deployed and that's it.
And a very similar point, uh, is that the flip side of the batteries included is that you're kind
of locked into that way of doing things.
So so if you don't like that kind of battery, you can't you can't swap it out for a different brand.
That's what it came with.
Uh, so you're sort of locked in in the case of Amazon Bedrock agent core, uh, you're locked in to
to the Amazon infrastructure.
Of course, that's where it's getting deployed.
You're going to be, uh, pretty much locked in to the different choices around things like observability
and stuff like that.
Now, that's not fully true because, for example, as you'll see, Amazon Bedrock Agent Core is actually
very flexible about the underlying agent platform that you use.
You don't have to use Amazon's one.
You can switch in any of them.
And they and they make a big point about saying that a lot.
So they've actually gone out of their way to try and give you some flexibility.
But still, the deployment itself is very much, uh, sort of all packaged up in the way that Agent
Core works.
Your the great benefit is you don't have to worry about things like Lambda and IEM and, and, and app
Runner and so on.
It just all just happens.
But the downside is you don't get that kind of of detail of figuring out, all right, I want to be
able to scale this independently from this.
I want to have these in secrets.
I want to do this, that, that just all gets taken care of for you.
And so as a result of that, at least as of today, in my experience, these agent platforms are not
very common for production deployments.
Certainly for enterprise production deployments, it is much more common to do it the way that I've
taught it on this course.
You'll be pleased.
You'll be relieved to hear it wasn't a complete waste of time.
That is the way people build enterprise systems.
It is by building out AWS services, by using Terraform or doing that on on GCP or Azure, and having
the fine grained control over everything that's going on.
That's how large scale systems are deployed.
These new agent platforms are vying for for their place in the world.
I think startups are using them.
So so people do it for particularly for, for newer products and for trying things out.
But but it's it's not particularly the way that you would roll out a full spec, scalable production
platform, which is why I've left it to more of the teaser at the end for us to go play with it now,
get some experience with it.
But it's not necessarily a core ingredient, but it's definitely worth watching to see what happens
with these agent platforms in the future.
I might compare it to something like a Heroku.
For people that have used Heroku, like a sort of packaged app, or again, to Vercel, it's very much
a kind of easy, streamlined, simplified build and deploy.
Don't need to worry about all of the plumbing it's taken care of for you.