Okay with that introduction, let's talk about Amazon Bedrock Agent Core and start by explaining this
terminology.
Uh so what what is Amazon Bedrock Agent Core and what does it have such a confusing name.
Uh, maybe we'll all get so used to Agent Core that it will roll off the tongue in the future.
And you wonder why make such a fuss about the name?
Um, so it's three different things.
So the first of them is just called Agent Core.
Uh, confusing.
Um, and right now it's called Agent Core.
Brackets.
Preview brackets.
Uh, but I imagine very soon it will just be called Agent Core uh, or Bedrock Agent Core.
And this replaces something that used to be around called bedrock agents.
That is the old thing that's gone.
It's now Bedrock Agent core.
So Bedrock Agent Core is it's a suite of services.
It's like an it's an umbrella name for a bunch of things that together in aggregate make up agent core.
And that is five AWS services SES, plus two managed tools that come along as well that you can give
your agents.
And again, since this is all very, very new, by the time you're watching this, there might be more
services and more tools.
But as of right now, as of today, it's five services, two tools, and they are the essential ones.
And together that whole thing is called Agent Core.
There is also something called Agent Core SDK.
And depending on the context, when you say Agent Core, you might be referring to Agent Core SDK.
But normally when it's talked about it has SDK after it.
And Agent Core SDK is a Python runtime library that we will be using, which allows you to build agents
that will run in Agent Core.
Um, and so, so it's like a, an agent framework.
But but it's not an agent framework.
The agent Core SDK is something that can wrap any agent framework.
You can build agents in OpenAI agents SDK in Google, ADK in crew in Landgraaf in any of these.
And you can then have that be part of Agent Core corps.
If you use the Agent Corps SDK.
So it's like a lightweight wrapper around other agents.
And for people who have taken my agent course, this might sound slightly familiar.
And you're right, it's a similar concept to Autogen Corps.
Remember that Autogen, which, uh, seems to have sort of fizzled in terms of people talking about
it.
It's definitely, uh, the least talked about of all of the different frameworks that I covered before.
Uh, Agent Corps is maybe trying to do something similar here.
It's it's like a, um, agnostic to the agent framework wrapper around agents in order to put them on
agent corps.
Hopefully you're with me.
That is the agent corps SDK.
Different to agent Corps itself.
All right.
And then the third thing, the third piece that makes it up is this.
It's called the Agent core Starter toolkit.
The Amazon Bedrock agent core starter toolkit.
Uh, it's uh, so this this is a command line interface, a CLI.
It's a series of commands that you type, just like AWS configure is a CLI, a command line, uh, tool.
Uh, the Agent Core Starter Toolkit is a set of command line tools that puts the scaffolding.
The kind of plumbing around what you're doing with Agent Core.
And then it will deploy your agents to Agent Core, and it will operate your agents on agent Core so
it can it can run them.
So it's all of the sort of utilities, the command line utilities built around agent core.
And so there they are.
There's agent core itself, the five services and two tools.
There is the agent core SDK, Python libraries that are a bit like Autogen core that that wrap agents,
and then agent core Starter toolkit, the scaffolding tools, those are the three big pieces of of agent
Core and the different bits of terminology.
And if someone says Agent Core, they could be talking about any one of those three things, and you
normally have to ask them to clarify, just to make sure you know exactly what they're talking about.
But I guess we're all going to get used to this terminology in time, and it won't seem so.
So alien.
Uh, there's this page is the pricing page, and I would strongly encourage you and urge you to go and
take a look at it.
Right now, it is free because it's still in preview, but it's only going to be free for another few
weeks.
So almost certainly by the time you see this, it will no longer be free.
So I don't know what the pricing is going to be.
So I do urge you to go and have a look at this.
We're only going to be doing something small and fun today, but nonetheless always important to keep
an eye on the costs.
Uh, don't let don't let it surprise you.
So be sure that you're aware of the pricing.
Uh, and then there's one more piece of terminology, one more thing to know about.
And you might have already if you knew about this already, you're like, so why haven't you mentioned
strands?
So strands or the full name is strands agents is Amazon's agent framework.
It's their real.
It's their agent framework.
It's like OpenAI agents SDK.
And in fact it's very like OpenAI agents SDK.
When you see it, you'll see that it's very similar.
It's anyone that knows my my views on these things.
Notice that I really like OpenAI agents SDK because it's lightweight and simple and strands is the same.
It's also lightweight and simple.
In fact, if anything, it's even lighter weight and even simpler.
They've taken it another step, and so it's very easy to work with.
And so for the stuff we'll do today, we will use strands so that you see a different agent framework.
And it's going to be super easy because yeah it really is very very low barrier to entry.
Um, and it's similar in that way to, as I said, OpenAI agents SDK and also to Google ADK.
Uh, that is strands.
It's interesting to note that AWS hasn't branded strands with any of with Amazon or AWS or bedrock.
So it's not like Amazon Bedrock Strands agents.
It's it's just called strands agents.
And if you go to their website, at least as of now, it's just strands agents with without that kind
of framework and branding.
So they obviously I think they really want to make a thing about strands just being another open source
agent framework.
It's not a commercial offering from AWS, and they also go out of their way to emphasize that agent
Corps works nicely with strands, but it doesn't have to work with strands.
You can use Agent Core.
As I already said 100 times, you can use Agent Core with OpenAI agents SDK, with with Landgraf, with
crew with Google ADK.
And they've got plenty of examples of all of them.
In fact, you can use Agent Core without any MLM at all.
You can use it just to have like conversation between Python code if you wished.
As you will see, it's again rather like Autogen core.
It's more of the scaffolding around agents in production communicating to each other.
Okay, so what are these five services and two tools as of today that come packaged with Agent Core?
So here are the services.
First of all, runtime is the service that that takes your agent code and is able to deploy it and manage
running the agent, connecting to other agents and sending messages between them.
So it's really the scaffolding to use that word again around the whole agent deployment.
Identity is the thing that takes care of IAM for you, so that you don't have to simplifying the IAM
or the permissions associated with your agents, and making sure that they can do what they are allowed
to do.
And no more.
Memory is about managing the usual short term and long term memory.
The conversation history and also longer term memory persisted in a database and giving you tooling
to be able to do that easily.
On the subject of tooling, gateway is all about tools.
It's about allowing you to build and deploy and discover and connect to tools at scale.
Using MCP.
It allows you to to take any existing tool or service, like like a Lambda service, and convert it
into being a tool that your agent can use through MCP.
So it's a way to make functionality available to your agents easily.
And that is the gateway service.
And then finally, observability is some observability tooling built into AWS associated with Agent
Core.
And Agent Core comes with a couple of tools, maybe more by the time you see this.
But as for me, right now, there's two managed tools that you can use from your agents.
They are, of course, paid services, so you will pay to use them.
They're free right now, but they will soon be paid.
And these two tools are the same as the first two tools OpenAI had before they added a bunch of managed
tools.
But one of them is a browser tool that lets you, uh, basically have your agents be able to go online
and do things, drive a browser through browser automation software like playwright, and the other
is a code interpreter, which of course is a tool that can run things like Python code on your agent's
behalf.
And this is again, it's not about your agent being able to build Python code, because agents can can
just do that out of the box.
Any LLM can generate Python.
The point here is that this is an environment where Python code can be run safely in a sandboxed way.
No doubt in a Docker container.
And then when it completes, that result is passed back to the agent, allowing the agent to solve problems
more effectively because it can build and run code.
And that is all there is to agent core.
And when I say that, I mean it.
AWS has clearly had a philosophy of keeping things simple with this framework, and it shows.
And I have to say that is unusual for AWS.
They are not known for keeping things simple.
It's rather the opposite to what you and I have experienced for the last couple of weeks, but I will.
I will tell you that that if you look through the docs, you can see that they've taken great care to
make sure that this is quick to get running and relatively lightweight.
Aside from the complicated names of things, it's pretty straightforward from that point on.
And let's put that to the test.
Let's have a shot at building something with Agent Core and see if we can't do it all in one day.
Uh, and it's going to be a toy because we're not going to have obviously it would be a bigger project
to make something big, but it's going to be enough of a toy to give you a real sense of this?
And I thought whilst building the toy, there's something else that we could do that I think would be
really insightful and I think you'll enjoy a lot, which is to take a quick look back to the first day
of this week when we talked about the different agent architectures, and I talked about multi-agent
architectures, which is really what we built, which is definitely what we built this week with Alex.
Um, but also that there is this, this contrasting way of approaching things with a single agent with
a loop.
And it's not the case that that is necessarily less powerful than a multi-agent architecture.
In fact, there are some situations where it can outperform a multi-agent architecture.
And there's stuff in the middle when you have a single agent with Subagents and it becomes a bit of
a grey area, but but generally speaking, you can do a lot with a single agent with a to do list.
And so that is what we're going to just build now in Agent Core and see if we can't do it in a matter
of minutes.
And with that, that brings us to the final lab, the final lab on the final day of the final week.
Let's go do it.