Well, here we are back in our old friend cursor for the final time.
But I have an even bigger surprise for you.
We're back in the production repo where we began.
We're in the repo called production that hopefully you get cloned.
It's on your local drive.
You can open it up.
And here we are in production.
The only difference you have, I hope, is that you have a community contributions folder that is brimming
with submissions from students that I can't wait to see.
Uh, but there is something else here.
That is where we are going right now, which is that there is a directory called finale.
Uh, hopefully you didn't see it before now.
And now you're seeing it and you're like, oh, there's a finale.
Open up the directory called finale.
And there is a readme, not to be confused with the readme, a readme in finale that you should right
click on and say Open Preview so that you are looking at this, the finale, the AWS Bedrock Agent core
finale of the course.
And uh, as always, if you're looking at it in cursor, which you should be, you need to right click
and say Open Preview if you don't see it looking like this.
Okay, welcome.
Let's get started.
The first thing we're going to do is IAM.
I know I said that Agent Core doesn't have iam.
There's some.
There's a one step IAM we have to do at the very beginning of you using Agent Core.
And then we won't need to touch IAM again.
So, uh, since since you were so experienced with this.
Now I don't need to give detailed instructions.
I can give pro level instructions.
We're going to sign in to the AWS console as the root user.
Go to IAM, go to user groups.
Create a new user group called Agent Access.
Make sure that it's applied to the AI engineer user and attach these three policies Amazon Bedrock Full
Access, AWS Code Builder Admin Access, and Bedrock Agent Core Full Access.
Let's go do that right now.
And here we are signed into AWS.
Check up on the top right that you're in as your root.
Take a quick look at the costs.
Make sure there's no surprises.
And then start by going to IAM are old.
So we know it so well.
So we're now going to go to user groups over here and you can see I've already set up agent access.
You'll be pressing create Group to do this.
If I open this up, you'll see that I've assigned it to the username AI engineer.
And it has permissions.
And here they are.
It is the three that I just told you.
Amazon bedrock Full Access, AWS Codebuild Admin Access, and Bedrock Agent Core full Access.
So you attach the policies.
You've gone something similar to this.
Attach policies.
You've done the three checkboxes for those three a bit janky.
And then and then press the button to apply it.
So with that there is then a couple more little bits of of IAM admin.
Uh, the first of them is that uh, well you do you do also actually potentially need to access have
request access to Claude sonnet form model in your region.
Um and maybe in US west two depending exactly on how things pan out.
So keep a keep aware of this.
It depends on a few things.
And this may be just a temporary thing right now with the preview version.
But I had to request access and get access to Claude Sonnet for model, and you might do as well.
And you know how to do that, right?
You go to bedrock.
You press that button on the near the bottom left to request access to models.
Although the screen claims they're going to be improving that user interface very soon, I hope so.
All right.
And once you've done that, uh, the the final thing to do is to come in as your IAM user and let's
go and do that right now.
All right.
So here we are.
I'm in now as AI engineer.
I come over here and I'm going to do Amazon Bedrock Agent Core.
There it is.
Amazon bedrock agent core rolls off the tongue.
Here we are in Agent Core.
That's what it looks like.
You remember I told you about the, uh, the memory gateways, identity, runtime and observability
and then built in tools.
They've grouped them together.
It's a bit confusing.
Whatever.
Uh, I want you to click on observability down here, and I'm not going to click on it right now because
I don't want to spoil the show.
But you're going to click on that.
And the first screen you're going to see is, is probably going to tell you that you don't yet have
access to observability.
Do you want to turn it on?
And it tells you that it won't be effective for a few minutes after you turn it on.
But you should do that.
You should activate it.
There is a note about costs there.
It says to me that it's free as long as I keep.
I keep a box checked about only taking 1% of traces or something.
So I did leave that box checked.
So I believe it is free.
You should do the same.
You should double check that you're comfortable with any costs associated with observability, particularly
as this is a changing space.
So once you've done that, you've requested access to observability.
That is the end of our IAM and configuration stuff.
For now, we can get started.
First thing I'm gonna ask you to do is do a bit of reading, just so that you're well prepared for this.
This is optional.
You can come back to it later, but I've got some useful links for you.
There is the main, like the marketing page for Amazon which is this, this page right here, which
is like the, uh, all about what it is and things.
And you can see if you look down here, something I noticed is that as of now, their customers, it's
not as if they have like I guess.
Yeah, I suppose these are quite large, but it's not as prominent as many of AWS customers, you often
see big high street names, uh, which is a sign, I think, again, that this is still an immature
framework.
It's not it's not got the kind of traction that others may have.
Uh, then this is the user guide.
This is very useful.
This is this is really where you can you can live this has, uh, the user guide with all the information.
It has examples and an API reference.
The terminology is confusing because whilst this describes itself as the Amazon bedrock agent core,
uh, this this user guide is really about the starter kit.
Uh, so there is some in fact, you can even see the Bedrock Agent core Starter Toolkit is in the URL.
We're in that section of their docs.
So again they don't use their own terminology consistently.
So it's not always clear, uh, what context you're in.
It's like like an LLM we need better context.
Uh, so you have to sort of figure it out from the information you're given.
Again, just like Llms do.
All right.
Uh, so then, uh, there's a couple more links that we've got here.
There's the Python SDK and the toolkit, uh, CLI write up itself, so I will let you browse around
that should you wish to.
Uh, and I'm then I also want to introduce you to the UV project.
So I've set up a UV project in this folder.
So you already have that.
Uh, it's got I only added these four dependencies bedrock agent core, uh, which is the Python client
library, again with the name of the whole thing, uh, strands agents, that is the AWS Agent Framework
library.
So we're going to play with that right now and see it.
And it's really simple bedrock agent core starter toolkit that is the CLI.
Those are the commands to stand things up and down and pedantic needs no introduction.
Uh, so if we, uh, bring up a new terminal and we start in production, if we CD into finale, here
we are.
Uh, in here, you should be able to do a UV sync.
And when you do that, mine's already synced, so it doesn't do anything but for you, that will then
load in the dependencies and bam, you've got yourself an environment already set up.