Okay, onwards, onwards.
Now to a more powerful agent that I have called the Looper.
For reasons that are probably clear to you, but if not, they'll be even clearer in a minute.
Uh, let's get rid of this terminal to get out of our way.
Uh, okay.
So first step, and this is an important one.
If you don't do this, there'll be trouble later is to delete first dot pi.
You've probably just got attached to first dot pi.
Uh, you can always like, like bring it back again from your trash bin afterwards.
But for now I'm going to delete it.
Move it to trash.
It's gone.
It's history.
Um, okay.
And now we're going to create a new file called Looper.
And we're going to give it all of this content.
So I'm just going to take this, put it in my clipboard.
And then I will, uh, go through it with you.
So within finale uh, new file called looper pi looper dot pi paste in.
Let's take a look at this code.
All right.
So again and remember to save you see that white blob.
That white blob is saying you haven't saved me.
Command S or control S on a PC and it is saved okay.
So we're going to import the Bedrock Agent Core app.
We're going to have Agent and Tool again from strands pedantic classes and we're off.
Okay.
Let me let me walk you through this, this code.
So I imagine all of you or most of you like me, have had the experience of talking, interacting with
an agent with one of these loops where it thinks things through and it ticks things off a list, and
it gives you this, this, this eerie sense that you're dealing with something that has a whole process
behind it.
And you probably think that's super powerful, like Cloud code being the classic example.
Imagine how much work must have gone into making that actually work.
Uh, well, I have news for you.
This is like one of those moments when I show you the ingredients behind a recipe and you're like,
is that all?
Uh, it turns out it's actually really ridiculously simple.
To make this work, you just need to have a few tools which you give to an agent, which give it the
ability to manage a to do list.
And I'm sure that there are a whole ton of implementations out there that you can use, and there's
no doubt MCP servers and all sorts of good stuff.
In fact, I know there's one that anthropic made.
There's lots of them out there, but it's just a few lines of code to make one, and doing it yourself
gives you that real, raw sense of how very simple it is.
So check this out.
I'm going to have a only one pedantic class called to do item, and all it has is a description which
is a string and completed, which is a bool.
Whether or not the task is completed and that is it.
That is my to do list item.
Okay.
Then I'm going to have one of the nice things about the Bedrock agent core is that you can just use
like a class variable like this.
You can see in the memory section of the docs how you can have this be persistent and have it be managed
in a better way.
But for our purposes right now, this is going to work just fine.
So system prompt, you were given a problem to solve by using your to do tools to plan out the steps
and then carrying out each step in turn.
Now use a to do list tools.
Create a plan, carry out the steps and reply with the solution.
Okay, I'm now this.
This isn't a tool.
This is just a Python utility here.
Get to do report.
This iterates through all of the all of the things in to do's and will print each of them what they
what they are in a nice way.
And if it's been completed, it's going to print it with, with like a, like a strikethrough.
So this is just a formatting thing so that we can look at the to do list and so can our agent.
So don't, don't uh there's nothing clever here okay.
But what is clever are these three tools.
And you know, what can I tell you.
These are really simple.
Look how short they are.
Three tools, that's all.
There are no more than three tools.
One of them is called create to dos.
It takes in a list of strings, add new to dos from a list of descriptions, and return the full list.
So for each description, it adds in one of these to dos and it returns the report that we just made.
Wow.
Okay, so that we're going to give we're gonna equip our agent with this tool so that it can set up
a to do list just by passing in a list of strings.
And then another tool is mark complete.
Mark complete the to do at the given position starting from one and return the full list.
You have to be careful about this starting from one, because many agents naturally like to be zero
indexed because so much code is.
But that would, that would, uh, could get confusing because of the first item and so on.
So I decided to start from one.
And I also have in this printer it prints the number by each one just to avoid any confusion.
But I didn't test this particularly thoroughly.
This was just something I did first time.
So you could definitely play with this and experiment with it and see see if it's better or worse with
a different index.
But this worked well.
So what this does is it checks that that everything is right.
And uh, if so it just takes that to do.
See that index minus one.
Because number number one would be at zero index and it sets completed to true and it returns again
the full list.
And then the final tool is just called list to Dos, and it just simply returns the full list.
That's all it does.
Uh, so with this, we have equipped our agent with three things create a DOS and Mark complete.
And actually, this is hardly necessary because it gets the to do report every time.
So I don't know if this is even needed.
Uh, you could experiment with just taking this off and just having two tools that might be completely
fine.
All right.
And so what we do now is we put those three tools into our tools list and we create an agent, the system
prompt.
We pass in the tools we pass in and that's it.
That's the end of this little project by I've got again the invoke, which just takes a payload which
looks in prompt to take the user prompt.
And then here I've just got something that's a little bit more because I wanted to stream back and have
it print as it streams back.
And any time that it's doing something that isn't streaming back, it's probably calling a tool.
So just to make it look more fun, I have it return the full to do list so we can see the to do list
behind the scenes.
The agent won't actually be replying.
Claude won't be replying with a to do list, but we'll be able to spy and see what's going on with that
to do list while we watch.
And that's that's the end of the code.
Look, it all fits on like one and a half screens and most of it is boilerplate.
It really couldn't be simpler than that.
Well, it's one thing for it to be simple.
It's another thing for it to work.
So that's that's the next thing to try.
And of course we should first test it locally and then we should deploy and test it remotely.
I'm lying.
Let's not bother with the local.
Let's just deploy right away.
Let's be brave.
We'll be brave.
So we have to do this configure step again because we've changed our entry point.
So let's bring up a new terminal.
Here it comes.
We go into remember to CD into finale.
And then we're going to run configure minus entry point to Looper dot pi.
And we say yes and yes and yes and yes.
And it's configured all right.
And now we have to, uh, go back to the readme.
Um, here it is.
And see the next thing to do, which is you've run Agent core launch.
Okay.
Drumroll.
Off it goes.
Stuff is happening.
It's using Looper.
Will it work?
First time?
It might take a little bit longer this time, so it'll give us some tension, some expectation.
Launching bedrock agent core.
So.
All right, I will I will let it do its deployment.
It probably will take a minute this time.
And I will see you back here in one second.
Hopefully you're running this as well.
And you're seeing what I'm seeing.
And you're about to have a deployed agent on the internet with tools.
Uh, it's done already.
Okay, uh, let's go ahead and run this.
So, uh, yeah, I will walk you through what we're going to ask it.
Okay.
So here is going to be our prompt.
We're going to do UV run agent core invoke prompt.
A train leaves Boston at 2 p.m. traveling 60 miles an hour.
Another train leaves New York at 3 p.m., traveling 80mph toward Boston.
Where do they meet?
That's a nasty little challenge.
So let's take this and paste it in here and see what happens.
So this is exciting.
I need to solve this train problem step by step.
Let me create a to do list and look at that.
Six to do's have been planned and it's already done.
The first one it's been crossed off.
Determine the distance between Boston and New York.
So scroll up and you can see, uh, the the what?
It says I need to do list to organize my approach.
You can see it's to do's determine the distance, set up the problem with variables.
Write equations for each train's position.
Find when the trains meet.
Solve the meeting time.
Verify the answer makes sense.
So that's that's a lot for it to do.
Uh, and you can see it's, uh, it's, uh, cross them off.
It just it just, uh, came up with something, uh, complete.
The distance between Boston and New York is approximately 200 miles.
A standard assumption for this kind of problem when not specified.
Okay, that sounds very reasonable to me.
So let's cross that off.
And now it's doing the right equations for each train's position as a function of time.
Now, one thing you might notice is that it's not exactly speedy.
And you might wonder what's going on.
How come it's taking so long?
I wondered that too.
I will tell you.
Uh, here we go.
It's got.
It's written the equations that tb the time distance between the city and there's the equations.
Uh, what's taking the time is actually a silly answer that, uh, I'm actually, I believe I'm hitting
rate limit errors and the agent is automatically retrying.
Uh, and later we will we will see if that's true or not.
Uh, but I think we'll find that that, uh, and maybe for you, you don't have rate limit errors because
you've got more ability to use Claude, and you'll be getting it much, much faster.
But it's slow because it's trying each of these multiple times.
Okay, fine.
When the trains meet by setting positions equal and we are almost through our to do list, it makes
it more fun that it takes longer because it really feels like there's a there's stuff going on.
Otherwise, I think it would be so fast that you wouldn't really get this sense that that thinking is
going on.
It is now, uh, presumably it is on to do step five, solving for the meeting time.
That is the real, uh, hardcore part of all of this.
Let's see what it has over.
It's just done that.
It's now verifying.
It's solved.
Uh, you can see here it set up these equations.
Um, yeah.
It looks like it's, uh.
Yeah.
Multiplying minus by minus and getting a plus.
That's good, that's good.
62 is 218 minus eight.
Very nice.
Verify that the answer makes sense is the final step that it's on in this thought process.
Uh, and uh, yeah I hope that you're as, uh, blown away by this as I am.
Uh, and again, one of the things that's so fascinating about this is that some of the mystique about
Claude code and the way that it's able to think things through and show these to do lists, is taken
away because it's so clearly just a few lines of code to build this kind of to do list functionality
and have something that can, that can run with this sort of thought process.
So it's in the final step.
Now verifying the answer makes sense.
And then we will see what answer it actually gives us.
Uh here we go.
Here comes the final answer.
The two trains meet at 4 p.m., which is about right, I believe.
Uh, I think it's 406.
Would be more precise.
I think I think, uh, but you can see it's crossed everything off, and it looks fantastic.
There is a result in a matter of minutes.
We have an agent loop.
We built an agent with a loop that is carrying out a reasoning thought process, solving a problem step
by step, and we're able to watch it happening.
And all of this is running deployed to AWS.
Uh, and it's been just so easy.