Okay, we have just one more thing to do to this.
We're going to add in one of the the managed tools, one of the tools that comes with bedrock.
We're going to add in the code interpreter.
So what we're going to do is it's going to be really simple.
We're going to add in one more tool right under the imports.
We're going to add this.
So let's go back to looper.py under these imports here.
Add this.
It's got another import.
It imports the code interpreter and also JSON.
And then what we do here is we create a code client code interpreter in US West two, which I believe
right now at least it has to be US West two.
That is the only place where this code interpreter runs.
And we're then going to create a new tool.
So the code interpreter is the thing that actually runs the code.
But we have to create the tool that we will give to strands.
Um, and this tool is will call it execute Python.
We could call it whatever we want and we give it a comment.
Execute Python code in the code interpreter.
Uh and we call this code client.
We call invoke execute code and language Python, and we pass in whatever came in in our input to this
function.
And then this is some stuff to get back the output and return it.
All right.
That is our execute Python code function I just did save.
If you saw that let's go back here.
Let's change the system prompt to give it a little bit of a juicier, beefier system prompt.
Here we go.
Paste save.
So I'm saying you're given a problem to solve.
Same as before.
You also have access to execute Python tool to run Python.
Your plan should include solving the problem without Python and then writing Python code to validate
your solution.
I should probably say Python code and running it to validate your solution.
To use the execute Python tool to validate your solution, you must have a task on your to do list prefixed
with write python code to uh and now blah blah blah.
So of course you don't need to have exactly the system prompt.
You can play around with it as you wish.
but I think this is going to be an intriguing way for us to see the to do list and Python execution
in action together.
Okay, back we go to the Readme.
There's just a couple more things to do.
Uh, so we want to update the print method so that when it's doing coding, it will print it in red
so that we just get a little bit more insight into this.
This is just a cosmetic change, really.
Look, if it's a if Python is in the description, then we put it in red just because it's going to
look cool.
Um, okay.
And then the only final step is to replace the tools call with this.
We're just going to add in execute Python as a tool.
Uh so where do we do the tools.
Right here.
We're just going to put in there comma execute Python just as cursor as telling us okay.
So now the agent is equipped with creative DOS mark complete list to DOS and execute Python.
All right back here we go.
It's now a matter of doing.
You've run agent or launch.
Did I save?
Yes, I did, so I can just run this.
And off it goes.
And I will see you a second when this is deployed.
And we will be able to give this a whirl.
Okay.
So we're going to give it the same as before.
Exactly the same challenge.
This time it's equipped with a tool to run Python code.
So here we go.
Uh let me see.
It says it needs to, uh, solve the problem step by step.
It's giving itself, uh, seven to do's.
The first one is to identify the given information.
Just like before.
These look pretty similar, but it ends with a step to write Python code to validate the solution.
Uh, which is a printed in red because of that little extra thing that I did.
Uh, and so this is really cool.
And I'm not this time going to sit here to give you the running commentary for the next minute.
While I believe Claude is ferociously retrying with rate limits behind the scenes, but I will, I will
I will just look at that.
Look at that as it crosses things off.
It's so great.
I hope you've got the same experience.
You're seeing this happening, and I will come back in a second when this is complete and we'll see
what answer we get.
And there we go.
It completed.
Hopefully yours did too.
And I do believe we got yes.
4:06 p.m..
We got a more accurate answer this time, although it came up with that answer before it even used the
Python tool.
But but so interesting.
But but there we go.
It's able to use the managed tool as well.
We have success.
We have a deployed agent using tools all running in the cloud on AWS.
That's pretty awesome.
And the final step in in our sheet here is that we just want to go and go, go and look at the observability,
which will have us go back to the AWS console as your IAM user, go to the Bedrock Agent Core service
and look at observability.
Let's go and do that now.
So here we are in AWS console check.
It's the IAM user.
On the top right we go to Bedrock Agent Core.
There it is.
Click there.
And now here on the left is observability.
So we can go into this and check out what we can see.
Uh so as long as you configured everything then you should see stuff like this.
I've got a couple of agents, got some sessions, some traces, some error and throttles.
Stuff happening here are the agents.
Uh, this is, uh, the, uh, first that we did, and then this is Looper, uh, which which we just
built and got a couple of sessions, a couple of traces, and.
Yeah, you can click on sessions to view the the different sessions you had.
You can see I'm getting lots of errors and throttles and stuff and go to traces to look more at the
actual traces that, uh, that have been left by, by the agent.
A bit like the traces we get in OpenAI agents SDK.
So if we come in to to one of these traces, we see, uh, all of this, uh, spans.
And this is where I mentioned you could see a lot of for me, I get a lot of these red things here.
If I click on that, uh, I'm getting a rate limit error that's coming from this, uh, with some,
some retries, and it's, uh, continually retries until it gets through, which is great.
Uh, so it's surprisingly robust given given how much, uh, trouble I've given it.
So I'm very happy to see this.
Uh, and it's interesting.
And I didn't even realize that this retrying was happened.
I, I'd noticed how slow it was, and I thought, I wonder why it's so slow.
Maybe there's some queuing thing happening.
Uh, but it didn't occur to me that I was getting rate limit errors, and it was automatically retrying
until I brought up the traces and saw this.
So, uh, very, very insightful.
And anyway, you may have a better tracer than me, but you should take a look through it and have a
look at some of what's going on.
Take a look at the, uh, the code tools that are getting the mark complete and so on.
everything running away and read through your traces.
As always, get a good sense of it and have a look at the different bits of information that you can
review on the observability page of Amazon Bedrock Agent Core.
And that is a rather satisfying wrap on our last lab of our last day, of our last week.
And I hope you're impressed by AWS Bedrock Agent Core.
It definitely is what it says on the tin.
Easy to get your agent deployment out there.
And as I say, as long as you are comfortable sticking within the kind of scaffolding that it's set
for you, then I can't imagine an easier way to get something deployed out onto AWS services.
So I think it's a great entrance to the market and I look forward to playing with it.
My suggestion for you is do a quick assignment to take this further, so you could build a local front
end app using Next.js, just so you could drive it from a from a screen, unless you enjoy using the
terminal, in which case you can you can keep doing that the code style experience, but add in the
other managed tool, the browser automation tool, so that it can do that as well as running code,
and then turn this into something which is like a co-worker for you.
I like to call it a sidekick.
My on my Agentic course, we build out a sidekick agent, and you could do this here, but it's a sidekick
running on AWS and using its managed tools.
And it would also, of course, now have this to do list, which we didn't do last time.
And being a single agent loop, which is which is which is.
So yeah, easy and cool to see this happening.
So build all of that, make a sidekick.
And since you happen to already be in the production repo, what could be easier than just taking your
your agent and plonking it in to community contributions?
There it is.
Put it in community contributions.
Send a PR.
I would love some wonderful agent called deployments examples in here that others can then take, and
I would like to try it out myself.
So please do that.
That would be great.