Welcome to the biggest week of the biggest course I've ever made.
I don't use the word humongous often, but it's very fitting.
Now this is a humongous week with a humongous project and I can't wait to get started.
Let's get going!
And the three big words for this week are agents, scale, and enterprise.
We're going to be doing a fair bit of all three.
This is what I have in store for you for the five days.
You'll see plenty of purple here because we're going to be doing a lot of AI.
We've also got some blue because we're going to be doing a lot of capstone project build today is going
to be about talking about the multi-agent architecture.
Then we're going to work on the capstone projects.
Most of the Atlantic part of it and then the front end.
Then we're going to talk about enterprise characteristics like observability, monitoring, security,
scalability, APIs.
And then we're going to end by talking about agentic AI platforms and comparing them with what we've
already done.
So much to do.
And I'm going to start by talking about architectures for genetic projects.
Now, one of the things I often push back on is when people jump too quickly to architecture, which
I find very common in, particularly in the field of genetic AI.
It's very important always when working on business problems, to start by focusing on the commercial
problem, understand the problem you're working on, understand how you will measure success and think
about agents first and foremost.
As Lem calls with prompts that you will engineer and use that as your way to determine what kind of
agent architecture you will use.
But let's assume that you've done that.
You've worked on your problem.
You know what kind of solution you need to build.
And you're wondering, now, how do I build the right kind of agent architecture to solve that problem
effectively?
And let's talk about that.
So to start with, I want to to remind you for, for for those that already know it or to explain some
of the terminology around agent architectures, and this is something which it's it's ambiguous out
there.
There aren't necessarily standards.
A lot of Agentic AI is new and evolving, and so there are emerging terms that people use in different
ways.
But anthropic wrote a phenomenal blog post, a seminal blog post which laid out some different terms.
And they distinguish between workflows systems where models and tools are orchestrated through strict
code paths that you code up.
You say, call this LLM and then call this LLM.
That would be a workflow.
And they distinguish that from agents, which are systems where the LLM itself decides which processes
should be called, when and how to orchestrate the flow.
And in that seminal anthropic post they cover different common agent design patterns.
But since then, something new has emerged since Anthropic's post came out.
Which is that even when you're talking about agents, even when you're talking about systems where llms
control the flow, you do see these two different kinds of design.
Let's talk about them.
One of them, one of the common patterns is multi-agent architectures.
And this is where you have an agent, an LM core that's often called the planner or the orchestrator.
And that itself is responsible for deciding which agents, which other LMS or other sets of prompts
get called in different circumstances.
It orchestrates making each of those different calls, and you build out separate agents with context,
with prompts that frame exactly the problem that that agent is solving.
And that kind of architecture is known as multi-agent architecture.
And then there is a different architecture which goes by different names.
But but if you say single agent with an agent loop Agentic loop, then people know what you mean.
And this is one where you only have one LM and one usually quite long, quite meaty context prompt.
And in that prompt it's able to do things like managing a to do list and then ticking off the to do
items one by one.
And there's simply a loop where it comes back to itself repeatedly until it's convinced itself that
it has completed the task at hand.
And that is is sometimes known as a single agent with loop, for obvious reasons.
And if you've if you've had experience working with Claude Code and I hope you have, it's amazing.
Uh, you you will have felt this firsthand.
You really have felt that experience of one agent that you're interacting with that is able to manage
its own to do list and work through a task calling itself repeatedly in a loop while it figures out
what what kind of workflow to follow.
And it's interesting that I would give Claude code as my example there, because you're probably thinking,
aha, hang on a second, Ed, you missed something there because in Claude code, you can actually configure
different agents that the main agent in a loop can call out to.
And so yes, this is yet another example of where I'm giving you two different extremes.
But the reality is often somewhere in the middle, you can have a single agent with a loop that's still
able to call out to different agents, and you can have the architecture on the left, but have the
planner agent still have a lot of autonomy over which worker it calls when, and potentially calling
the same worker multiple times.
So it can also have a kind of a loop as well.
So it's not as binary as there being multi-agent or single agent with loop, because multi-agent architecture
can have loops, and the single agent with loop can have other agents, it's in between the two.
But it does give you a sense of these two different styles, these two different design patterns that
you can incorporate in your solutions.
And I know what you're thinking.
You're thinking, okay, fair enough.
So there are these two different patterns and there's stuff in between the two.
But how do we know which one to pick for our particular problem at hand?
To which of course, my answer, as it often is, is that there are no fixed answers to this, just
as I as I put in guide 12 in the guides folder, I believe in the production repo.
This.
This is something which you need to experiment with.
You need to try out different approaches and see which performs best for your problem at hand.
When you have your business problem, you have your potential solution.
You need a metric.
How will you measure the performance of your solution?
And then try different agent architectures to find out experimentally which one solves the problem best.
And key to doing that successfully is to start simple.
Start with a very simplest approach you can.
Typically that is one agent, not even in a loop.
Start with one.
In other words, one LM call.
Start by calling an LM and start breaking out other agents and adding in more business functionality,
separating concerns and considering loops only when you need to solve a problem to do so.
So you start simple.
You start with one agent.
You find that the performance isn't where you wanted it to be.
You're not.
You're not meeting the bar that you set yourself your criteria.
And so then you explore slightly more complex configurations of breaking out some agent responsibility
to see how it affects performance.
That is always the trick.