And now at this point, I am thrilled to bring it back.
Alex, the financial planner, our capstone project that we began on week three, day three, and we're
going to continue it this week.
And we will be building a multi-agent architecture.
And I'm not going to be following my own rules.
I'm not going to be able I'm not going to be starting simple and then building out more agents as we
go.
We're just going to go with a multi-agent architecture.
And you'll have to to to take a leap of faith and imagine that I have, in fact, tried it with one
call and discovered that this is a more effective approach.
So what is Alex?
Again, it is, of course, a SaaS application, a subscription platform, which will allow us to to
let people have a AI financial planner that they'll have access to, where they can enter in their their
account details, their stock, their brokerage accounts and get predictions about, uh, things like
concentration risks and talk about their retirement plans and the like, an AI based financial planner.
And last week we built the research flow of this a research agent, and we built data ingest pipes that
can pull in data from searching on the web using an SMTP server, and then turn it into vectors, use
S3 vectors, um, and giving us our research capability.
And hopefully that has been running.
And every couple of hours it's been it's been spinning up.
You should be able to see it in the AWS console if you have a look.
Um, but of course you could also brought it down if you didn't want to spend that cost.
But but either way, we got that built.
What we're going to do this week is build out our main agentic flow for the product itself.
On day one, which is today, we're going to build the database side of it.
Then tomorrow in day two, we're going to build out five different agents that will collaborate to be
the financial planner.
On day three, we're going to build out the app, the front end of it mostly, but also like an API
layer as well.
And on day four, we're going to talk about making it enterprise grade production grade, which is going
to be things like security, Resiliency, scalability, and importantly, observability.
All of that is to come.
And before we cover what we're going to build this week, let me remind you of what we built last week.
This is what it looked like.
Remember this?
I hope the, uh, the scheduler uh, that then called researcher called ingest pipes, put it in S3.
We used bedrock and SageMaker.
So what are we going to do this week?
Well, to start with we're going to have a multi-agent architecture.
And this is what it's going to look like.
We are indeed going to have a planner agent, an orchestrator that is responsible for coordinating activities
across four agents that we'll talk to.
So for a total of five agents and they are called the tagger, the reporter, the charter and the retirement.
And I've organized them so that each one has distinct commercial functionality, so that in theory,
you could build each one separately, you could have it tested and evaluated separately, work on the
prompts and the context separately.
And this is always a good rule of thumb.
You want to try and organize your agents so that you can evaluate their performance independently from
each other so that you could you could build them and deploy them somewhat in a somewhat decoupled way.
So planner, as I say, is the one that does.
The orchestration tagger is an agent that has quite specific functionality that it's able to take an
instrument, a stock, and it's able to figure out what is its geographic distribution.
Is it is it representing equities or fixed income or commodities.
So what what kind of different asset classes does it cover for people that know this finance stuff?
It's the kind of thing that a financial planner cares about.
Uh, and, uh, yeah, that the tagger will do all of that and put it in the database.
The reporter is the main, uh, the main agent that is able to do financial planning.
It builds a report of your portfolio, looking in detail at the different things like diversification
risks.
The charter is is a bit of fun, really.
The charter is going to be an independent agent that is there to create graphics depicting your portfolio
in different ways.
So it generates charts.
And then retirement is a separate agent that you can think of as a separate team member that's focusing
on your retirement prospects.
Are you planning correctly for, for uh, for years out there, uh, when it's time for you to retire,
based on on all of the AI that you put in production?
Uh, and it's planning for that.
So that is the, the the agent orchestra, uh, the way that we are coordinating different LM calls
to solve this business problem.
And this is a moment to point out one other red flag that I often have when talking about agent architectures
with, with with students and with with with team members, which is when I notice when people overly
anthropomorphize, uh, agents, which is a trap that I'm sort of falling into here.
I'm saying things like, this is our agent team, and we have a team member that is the retirement planner.
And it's easy to do that because you're thinking in terms of agents.
And it sounds right that you'd have different agents with with different human like responsibilities,
but it's usually a trap because you should always start by by keeping in mind.
Stay grounded on the fact that these are LM calls.
These are LM calls, and what matters is the context of that LM call.
The way that the system prompt the the way that you the information you're giving it and the context
that you're equipping it with in order to carry out its task and to get the best results from an agentic
system, you want to be thinking about how you're organizing your context so that you get the best performance
from each task that you need to carry out, so that in aggregate, you can solve the business problem
in the best possible way.
And often that will translate to having human like agents like retirement.
But start from the point of view of the business problem you're trying to solve, the commercial problem
and how you will get, how you will get the best performance and start, as I said before, with with
one LM call with one agent.
And if you're finding that the retirement information is, is is is weak and is somewhat off base,
that might be a moment to try and measure that and then separate that out to a different LM call, providing
it with more explicit context and examples so that your retirement analysis improves.
So that would be an example of the right way to go about doing this.
The wrong way is to start by saying, all right, my team, my multi-agent architecture team for financial
planning includes someone that's focused on retirement.
Therefore, I should have a retirement agent that is trying to to think of it in a human like way.
And it's very tempting, but I would urge you not to do it that way.
Act as a data scientist first and foremost, work on the business problem you're solving in a measured
way.
And if that ends up being quite similar to having a team that's almost like a human team, then so be
it.
But start from the data science and from evaluating a problem to be solved.
So this is our agent architecture.
Now let's look at the deployment architecture of how this will actually get deployed.
Well all of these agents will be different lambda serverless functions.
It's a common pattern.
It's common for agents to either be Lambda or App Runner.
If they need to do something like spawn an MCP server, we won't be for these.
They will all be lambda serverless functions, and all of them will make use of bedrock for making frontier
model calls.
And we will use a database called Aurora serverless v2.
And I will introduce that database in a moment.
And in addition to this, we're going to need some more infrastructure as well to be able to interact
with it.
And here is that infrastructure.
It looks like this.
It's something which mostly you're familiar with.
The SQS piece is new.
We're going to have a front end, which again, as we did in week two, seems like an age ago.
It's going to be a website, a static website generated from an XJS front end.
We're going to generate a static site.
We're going to put that in an S3 bucket.
And then we're going to make that.
We're going to do a CloudFront distribution so that it's pushed out to the world.
And that will be our front end.
And that is going to be able to make API calls through API gateway, of course, To a back end API,
which will be another Lambda service.
A serverless function.
So we'll have a backend API.
And that backend API is going to be able to submit requests to our planner.
And it's going to do that through a new type of AWS infrastructure.
We'll look at the queuing system SQS.
And that's going to be one of the building blocks for us this week.
And of course, there's a lot of AWS infrastructure that I'm not even showing here that kind of comes
along for the ride.
Like, you know about API gateway.
That of course is going to feature here.
And you also, we actually probably don't know about Secrets Manager that will be using as a secure
way to store secrets.
And there's a bunch of other stuff too that's going to, as I say, come along for the ride.
So this is more of a of a high level diagram to give you the lay of the land.
And do take a moment to look at this and take this in, because we're going to be building all this
stuff.
And for it to really, really land for you, it's going to be useful to have a good sense of what it
is that we're going to be building.
So take a moment, take this in, and then we're going to be ready to get going.
But just before we do, I want to talk to you about databases.