So I'm going to give you like a surface level briefing on databases in AWS.
And it's one of those rabbit holes that you can go deeper on should you be interested.
So to to define three different terms that we'll look at.
One of them is RDS.
Amazon RDS relational database service.
It is their their managed service.
It's like an umbrella which you can slot in different database engines into it.
So it can have MySQL.
It can have Postgres database and that can be can be run by RDS.
And it will do things like standing it up, managing the cluster and so on.
So that's the first term RDS.
The second term is called Aurora.
And Aurora is one of the database engines that you could use under the RDS umbrella.
So RDS could could use MySQL, Postgres or Aurora.
And Aurora is Amazon's own proprietary relational database, which is designed and built to be fast
and scalable by Amazon.
So that is AWS Aurora and then Aurora serverless or Aurora serverless v2, as we will use the latest
version, is a scalable version of Aurora, a flexible, elastic version of it which is able to respond
quickly if you need more scale by growing automatically.
So it's great for startups because it starts small with a sort of pay as you go model.
And it's also great for enterprise because if you suddenly get extra demand, it will automatically
ramp up without any downtime.
So that that is the sort of serverless architecture type of Aurora.
And it's called Aurora serverless v2.
And I should explain that there is like a whole zoo of other database platforms in Amazon.
So you may have heard of lots of other names.
You might say to me, okay, so what's Dynamo?
Uh, which, which you've almost certainly heard of because that's a big one.
A dynamo is Amazon's NoSQL offering.
So, so if you don't want a relational database, you want a NoSQL database, then Dynamo might be what
your go to.
And Dynamo is it's a different there's there's no equivalent to RDS.
Dynamo is both the the managed service and the database itself.
So unlike in the relational world where you pick RDS and then you sort of slot in a different database
manager in the NoSQL world you just pick Dynamo.
Uh, there's, there's another one called DocumentDB, which is a sort of MongoDB style NoSQL database.
There's ElastiCache, which is like Reddis.
There's a bunch of others.
I think I've put some more in the in the lab as well.
And you can you can of course, Google and read about the different database offerings that Amazon offers.
But for us we are going to do very well indeed with Aurora serverless v2, built for small scale and
for large scale.