And how great it is to be back in Cursa.
Here we are in the Alex.
Of course, I'm going to open the guides folder where you see a bunch of guides here, and we are going
to look at, of course, guide five, uh, which is about the database.
And I open the preview, right click and open preview to read our instructions for today.
Building our database and shared infrastructure.
It begins with a section why Aurora serverless v2.
And there's a bunch of information about it.
I mentioned a couple of others I didn't say before, like Neptune, which is the graph database.
I think I mentioned DocumentDB already.
Timestream is there time series one?
And this is this is why we pick Aurora serverless v2.
So let's keep going.
Uh, there is then a diagram to show you a little bit about the architecture we're going to be building.
Remember you may need to install a plugin to be able to see this diagram.
I think I mentioned that last week.
But we'll have a user they'll be able to use an API gateway.
And this is going to be using the API Lambda.
And then we will have four agents and a financial planner agent that orchestrates that were all using
Aurora as their database.
So, uh, prerequisites make sure that you are ready to go with steps 1 to 4, which we already did.
It's probably worth me mentioning that what we did last week with the data ingest pipeline is something
of a separate project.
In a way, it's all going to be to be educating this agent framework, but it's not strictly a requirement.
So if you shut that down and you want to move on from that, that's fine too.
Your agent framework here will be more knowledgeable.
It will have deeper financial expertise.
If you do complete last week's course and you you have that project running and constantly updating
the vectors in S3, but it's not strictly necessary.
You can proceed with this week without it.
All right?
But as is so often the case, our exploits will begin with IAM where it always does.
We need to go in to AWS console as the root user.
It will also be a good time to check on costs.
Always do that.
Navigate to policies, create a new policy and click on the JSON tab and create this rather long policy
right here.
And then click next.
And then save it with that policy.
So let's go and do that.
Now I'm going to select all of this.
And then we will go in and do that together.
So here I am in the AWS console I quickly do a quick check up there.
It's my name.
It's the root user.
It's always a good moment to go to billing and cost management to check out what's happened to my costs.
I've been spending lots of money building this course.
I hope you're grateful.
Hopefully you will not be spending this kind of money, and you will be obviously reporting your budget
and watching it carefully to make sure that you don't do this.
Uh, so what we're now going to do is go to IAM, which is where everything to do with security happens
to do with access.
So we now want to go to policies on the left.
We go to policies and we are going to create a policy which I've already created.
It's called Alex RDS policy.
So I'm going to open this up to show it to you.
But you will have followed the instructions to create it, and then you will have selected the JSON.
And you can see what I've got here is pasting in that text that you saw then.
So this is creating the policy.
Uh, that is this, this RDS policy for Alex.
And then be sure to save that and check that you can come back in and see it here just like this.
And then as it explains in the instructions, you next go to user groups and you find Alex Access,
which is the group we set up before.
And you can come in here and go to permissions and you can add your Alex RDS policy, the custom policy
that we just created.
And add that in here as by going to add permissions and attach policies.
And then there are a bunch of other policies for you to add as well.
Listed there.
And you might have already done this because if you remember way back in week three, I showed you I
had this list here, and I said, by the way, you could get a head start by adding all of these in
here and hopefully you did that.
And so you may already have them, but if not, take a look at this list here, or look at the instructions.
And by going to add permissions and attach policies, then select with that slightly janky interface
when you have to check each one.
And it's not clear that it's remembering what you already checked.
And then you save on the bottom right.
And then you should come back here and see this full list of policies which should should match the
guide.
And then we are good to go.
Okay.
So here we are back in cursor.
And we now come to verify permissions.
Uh so it also reminds us to sign out and sign back in as your IAM user so that you never leave yourself
signed in as root.
Okay.
So we'll bring up a new cursor Cassette terminal.
There we go.
And now we're going to do AWS RDS describe Dash.
DB dash clusters.
And let's see what we have here.
So we don't have any database clusters.
It should return an empty list which is what we want.
And if we run this then we should just get a standard little message uh, that tells us.
Uh, yeah.
What what, um.
Arguments are required, which just tells us that we do have access to the data API commands.
So we have the RDS data permissions, we have the permissions that we need.
And it's now time for us to deploy our serverless database.
And of course, the glorious thing about the way that we've built this with separate Terraform directories
for each of the days of this course, is that we can do this in a way that we can just add this to the
infrastructure we've already got.
So in the Alex directory I can change to the Terraform directory again.
Uh and I would do it directory by directory.
This, this command is of course a mac command.
Windows.
You need the backslash instead of this.
So I go CD Terraform to go into terraform directory and then go into the five database directory which
is also we can come over here Terraform and then five database.
And you can see in here there's a file called Terraform.
Let me just click on that to show it to you.
It's something which has uh an AWS region, a min capacity and a max capacity.
And you should basically leave that as it is.
So the first thing to do is to right click on this and do do copy and then paste and then rename the
file that you pasted as Terraform vars.
So it is now your real terraform.tf vars that you will check in.
Um, although this one isn't going to have too much about it that we'll worry about, but still, it's
worth doing this practice.
So do that.
Copy.
Copy the Terraform.tf example to terraform.tf vars.
And now edit and set the values to be the ones for your region.
For me, it's us East one and then leave these as they are.
Now, uh, the the estimate for this right now is $43 per month.
If you if you leave it like this and you might think that sounds like a lot of money, but remember,
you can bring down this infrastructure every day if you wish.
And you can monitor the spend and only have it up when you're using it through the Terraform destroy
command that we will do later.
So you should only keep this running while you need it and only spend a few dollars.
And anyway, you may have credits if you've signed up for an account, so hopefully this may cost you
little to nothing.
All right.
But with that, it's time for us to run the Terraform commands.
And so I'm in the five underscore database that this folder here within Terraform this is where I am.
And I've made my version of Terraform.tf vars.
And I'm now first of all going to run Terraform init.
And that's going to be very quick for me because I've run it before Terraform init.
And for you this may take a minute or two.
Well it sets up all of the state variables and so on.
And then I type Terraform apply to actually kick off uh, construction.
But before I do, of course we should actually look at main.tf, which is the infrastructure itself.
So let's quickly take a look at this.
It begins with the providers as always.
Uh, then we've got some stuff that creates a password.
We use the Secrets manager to store credentials for our database.
Uh, and as always, look through this and make sure that that you're comfortable with things.
There's some stuff to do with having a default, uh, networking that gets built for us, so we don't
need to worry about that.
Um, then there's lots of stuff about giving the right security group to Aurora.
Uh, read through all of this stuff.
You can see all of the, um, the, the, the the min capacity.
And max capacity is for our scaling configuration.
The password is going to be this random password that was created.
Uh, and we're then going to have a backup and maintenance period.
This is the kind of thing that's so valuable to look at, because this gives you a sense of what it
takes to have enterprise caliber deployment with things like regular backups.
Uh, and, um, yeah.
Then you can look at the, the, the RDS cluster instance that we're using, the Aurora engine and version,
and then you can see some IAM stuff to make sure that we have permissions to everything that we need
to be able to do.
And that is our Terraform infrastructure.
And with that we're ready to terraform apply.
And so I run Terraform apply.
It thinks for a bit while it works everything out.
And it tells me the plan of what it will do.
And it asks me to say yes.
And when I say yes, off it goes.
Creating stuff.
And this does take a few minutes to set up all of our infrastructure, our Aurora cluster, and everything
that was defined in that Terraform file.
And I will let it do its thing, and I will see you in the next video when it's done.