And welcome back.
It actually it took seven minutes to create for me and it might take like 15 minutes.
So you might be waiting for a bit there, but you should now be the proud owner of your own Aurora database
cluster.
And now there's a super important step.
And you have to pay attention here because you messed this up.
Then it could be trouble.
So don't.
Uh, so what we have to do is we have to add a couple of of variables from this into our env file.
And we're going to be using these in various places.
So so you need to be careful about this.
So what I'm showing here I'm going to make this a bit larger.
This is the output of the Terraform.
It completed.
Apply complete resources 11 added.
And here are the outputs.
And you can see it's got the various outputs which includes the cluster Arn, the Amazon resource number,
the endpoint and a secret Arn Secrets Manager location of a secret.
And if you keep going down you'll see here that there it says add the following to your EMV file.
And there's two rows here that includes a secret to be added with your Amazon account number in it,
and a sort of credentials detail here.
And what you have to do is you're going to need to take these two rows here exactly as they are here,
and copy that and paste it into the dot EMV file in your project root, which is of course over here.
It's there.
I'm not going to click on it or you'll see on my secrets.
Wouldn't want that, but you should click on it.
You should copy these two lines, paste it in your EMV file.
Be sure to save.
You have to press command S or control S to save it.
And as it says, copy them carefully.
Be sure about that and then we will move on.
So the next thing we're going to do is now test our new database.
So I'm going to bring up a new terminal window.
You can use the one you've already got if you wish.
You just have to be sure to go back to the directory to your root directory.
And then you're going to go CD backend.
Let's go into the backend end folder.
We're going to this folder right here.
And we're going to go into the database subdirectory.
CD database.
Here we are.
We're in database.
And what we're going to do now is you've run because this is a UV directory.
This is a UV project in here.
So we can do UV run test underscore data underscore API which is going to try connecting to a new aurora
database to see if it's there.
And it is there and it's uh, apparently no tables found.
It's empty.
It's seven megabytes long in its emptiness, apparently.
Uh, so there we do indeed have an aurora database that we have connected to through the UV run Test
Data API.
Now, I hear what you're thinking.
You're thinking, hang on a second.
So what does Test Data API actually do?
And if we're just about to, as it tells us to, to set up a database, what tables are we going to
be creating.
And herein lies something which which again I'm going to have to to to suggest that you take a bit of
a leap of faith with me during the next few days.
We've got a lot to do, and I'm going to be focusing most of what I discuss on the deployment aspects
and what it takes to deploy this to production.
The code itself, this is going to be less about actually writing the software, because that's some
stuff we cover in other courses.
And besides, I'm I'm imagining that this is a part that you can do or that's just general database
coding should you wish.
You can, of course, come in to the database directory and you can look at things like the Test Data
API class.
Let me give it a bit more space.
And you can see that it is basically just a sort of script that goes through and does various tests
and creates.
It goes to RDS client described DB clusters, which we had tried ourselves before.
Uh, and you can see everything that it does in code here and see how you can call typical AWS functions
through code.
And then more importantly, you can see that there's a source, an src directory here where I've put
in the actual database code we're going to be using which includes schemas.
And this is where it actually describes the data model that we're going to be using.
And you can see that it's got the different different data types we'll be using.
And you can see how it sets up the different schema that we'll be using.
So this is all quite boilerplate Python code.
And I should mention that a large amount of this was written by Claude code under my direction I'd write
a document, I get it to write it, I come back and check it.
And it's the kind of thing when it comes to things like defining database tables, that it's very quick,
very good at doing.
So.
You could also generate this by by asking either the cursor agent or Claude code to do it.
Or if you're already proficient at building database schemas, then you could do it yourself and take
a look through what I've got here.
It's probably like 60% Claude code, 40% me.
But it's not the purpose of the course.
The purpose of the course is now about deploying it.
So what we're now going to do is run the script, which is going to set up all of our data in our Aurora
database, and then we'll look at it.
So here we are.
Uh, it's now going to be time to run the database migration, which sets everything up.
And as I say, you can go and read this class and see what it does.
So we are now going to do UV run.
Run migrations.py and off it goes and you'll see it's going to do a lot of different setup and migration.
Complete 17 successful zero errors, all migrations completed successfully.
So that has set up the data.
And now we're going to populate our tables.
In particular there's an instruments table which we want to populate with lots of popular ETFs which
are finance people like like exchange traded funds like like spy that a lot of people have in their
retirement funds.
So we'll set up all of this reference data by doing UV run seed data dot pi.
And you can look through this, look at it going as it sets up 22 instruments, seed data loaded successfully.
And that has happened.
And uh, finally we're going to set up some test data that we'll be using over the next few days, which
will set up like a fake user and some fake data that that user will have in their account.