Welcome everyone to an epic day.
Let's get straight into it.
Today is the first of our two days looking at the capstone project in anger, and we are going to be
building ourselves some agents, a reminder of what it is we're building.
We're building Alex, the name of our Agentic Learning Equities explainer, a financial planner, a
SaaS commercial application.
What we've done, you know, last week we did our research agent.
And this week yesterday we built out our database with the schema that we went through.
User has many accounts, account has many positions.
And each position is in an instrument.
And we also have jobs which are things that can run to to orchestrate all of our agent activity.
So today is the day that we build out the five agents at the heart of our Agentic AI platform.
And as a reminder of the architecture, this was the quite busy diagram that I showed you.
And it's not the whole story.
It's not showing things like the Secrets manager and API gateways and stuff like that.
But this is showing the big building blocks.
The blue squares are our agents running on Lambda.
That's what we're going to be building this time.
And then tomorrow we're going to build out the yellow squares on the top left, the front end and back
end API part of the puzzle.
But for right now, we're going to be building out those blue squares.
And of course we're going to need to to connect it to bedrock and to the Aurora serverless database
that we built yesterday.
All right.
With that, let's get to the lab right away.
And most of today is going to be in the lab.
And the first thing I'm going to do is talk a bit about something, a new concept that's become so important
in the last couple of months, which is the idea of context engineering, which is fundamentally what
drives our agent architecture.
Let's go to cursor and let's talk about context engineering.
And so here we are back in cursor back in the Alex folder I'm going to open up guides.
I'm going to go to six agents and open the guide in preview mode.
The AI Agent orchestra.
The most exciting part of building Alex a multi-agent AI system five agents.
We're going to be building a planner, tagger, uh, reporter, charter and retirement.
As I explained last time in this diagram here shows them all together.
The planner, the tagger, writer, reporter, charter and retirement.
Um.
And, uh, yeah, make sure that you cover all of the prerequisites.
So before we get into this, I want to say a few words about this idea.
Context engineering, which was originally made famous by a few people.
But but the the amazing Andrej Karpathy tweeted plus one for context engineering which got got people
most excited about it.
But this is a a new way of thinking.
Um, and a Google DeepMind engineer called Philip Schmidt wrote a seminal post about it that really
did the rounds.
Uh, he's part of their Devrel team, so he's responsible for, for, uh, working with developers on
AI research.
And let's read his blog post and learn a bit more about what it means, uh, to work on context engineering.
So a year ago, the term of the moment was prompt engineering.
And everyone wanted to be a prompt engineer.
And that became old hat when people discovered that prompt engineering was just saying things like,
please explain, please think step by step in your prompts.
And there were various acronyms that came up.
And then it turned out it didn't make all that much difference.
And you just have to write prompts clearly.
Uh, but the the new the new skill, as it says right here in this blog post, make it a little bit
bigger.
The new skill is not prompting it's context engineering.
And what this this blog lays out is that what matters when you're working with Agentic systems is what
you put in the prompt, or more and more particularly, what context you give the agent with which to
solve its problem with which to carry out its task.
And that can be a combination of a system prompt instructions.
It can be what we call long term memory, which is basically Rag.
It's giving it access to search in a vector data store and find information that that it's put there
in the past, which of course we've done through the researcher agent.
It's using tools.
It's also using a short term memory which can be just the history of the conversation.
or it can be something about the different agent interactions it's had.
Uh, it can be a number of, of tools that you equip your agent to have, and then the task itself,
the user prompt.
Um, and so all of this together in aggregate, forms the context that an agent has.
And you really want to think about organizing your agent activities to maximize the context that you're
giving each agent to perform a task.
And that's the right mindset to have in.
And it's explained really very well here.
And it's not important to get hung up on these different terms like long term memory and and short term
memory.
It's really comes back again to thinking about what what performance what is the task you're assigning
to this LM call?
How will you measure success and what's the best way to shape the the context, the information and
the tooling to make sure that it's most likely to deliver an outcome that performs well, that meets
your criteria.
So it covers here are some examples.
And and really let me just read this out.
Uh, building agents is less about the code you write or the framework you use.
I love that he says this because the number of people that ask me which framework should I use?
And and this is so key.
It's not important.
The difference between a cheap demo and a magical agent is about the quality of the context you provide.
And then he works through some examples and an example of a magical agent that's given the right kind
of context and tools to be able to do well.
Uh, and then this section from prompt to context engineering, uh, which, which really takes you
on that journey of we're no longer just focusing on crafting the perfect set of instructions.
This is a much broader kind of task.
And let's read his definition.
Context engineering is the discipline of designing and building dynamic systems that provides the right
information and tools in the right format, at the right time, to give an LM everything it needs to
accomplish a task that's finally put.
And I would very much encourage you to to read through all of this.
Uh, and uh, also you can, you can Google search to see some, some other posts about context engineering
that have been popular.
But this, this one I think is, is the gem.
And so do study this carefully.
And while we're here, I actually just noticed that today, uh, Phil posted another blog post that
looks very interesting and and topical for us.
Uh, for me, today is September the 15th.
Uh, and, uh, Rise of Subagents is the name of this, this post.
And he says there's increasing use of subagents to reliably handle specific user goals.
So and he mentions Claude Cove, which we talked about a minute ago.
Uh, and yeah.
So Subagents is what some people are calling when you have a multi-agent system and an agent with a
single loop, and you're equipping that agent with a single loop with smaller agents to carry out different
tasks.
And so he gives an example of this.
He gives a nice little diagram, uh, and he talks about the pros and cons, which, uh, yeah, definitely.
There's a trade off there.
It's not clear that it's always a good idea to do it.
And he's got a really nice thing in the, um, in the conclusion.
But even with the Subagent architecture, reliability is still a challenge for agentic systems.
Breaking down a complex task into smaller subagent functions can make them simpler.
But then he ends with saying don't overengineer a solution today that are simpler or better model can
solve tomorrow.
Sage advice.
So not only read the the the context engineering blog post, but I would just take a look at this one
two and maybe even bookmark this page because he's full of useful stuff.
And since I mentioned looking online for more about this, I will just say Simon Willison is a wonderful
writer to follow.
His blog is another It's gold.
Uh, and he mentions here context engineering and he says it's starting to gain traction and he likes
it.
And he gives the tweets from Andrej Karpathy right here.
Plus one for context engineering over prompt engineering.
Um, but generally look at Simon's blog.
Lots of interesting stuff.
He's famous for getting llms to draw pictures of pelicans on bikes.
Uh, it's like it's almost like an in-joke of reading his blog.
And I recommend it because it's wonderful.