I'm back in six underscore agents and previewing this guide.
And the first step is to request bedrock model access.
Now look for this section for the agents I wanted to use OS 120, the new open source model for OpenAI.
And I did to start with.
And it worked okay.
And then it stopped working and I've had to redo it without OS 120.
And so I will be using Amazon's Nova model range, which are very quick to request access for an extremely
cheap.
So I suggest you start with that.
Two but the the retirement and the financial advice that we get from it is kind of, uh, so, so should
you wish, should you be willing to spend a little bit more?
Then I would encourage you to investigate, experiment with different models to get even more powerful
answers from it.
But for now, we will stick with the very cheap and very reliable and solid Amazon Nova models.
So first of all, we go in to the AWS console in as our root user.
Here I am as editor and I'm going to go to bedrock in the search box that you know well by now.
Here we go.
This is bedrock.
This is the model catalog.
Look, it even teases me by telling me that OSS is available.
Well.
Thank you.
Well, we go down here to configure on the bottom left and we click Model Access.
Now I noticed that you get this, this yellow sign here that says that this model access page is going
away on October the 8th.
And the chances are you're watching this after October the 8th, which is good because this is really
lame.
It's horrible.
Uh, this is a really flaky UX that's hard to figure out.
So hopefully you see something better.
And I don't know what you see, but but I imagine it's easier to navigate.
And it's an exercise for you to figure out how to request access to the models that you need, although
you probably already did that last week.
Uh, so anyways, what we've got here, if we have a look, is I have already requested access and got
access to Anova Pro, which is the one we'll use also to the even cheaper ones and also to the fancier
Nova Premier.
Uh, but I won't actually use that.
But but by all means, you can experiment if you wish.
I also have access to Claude Sonnet four, which is a very good model indeed, but it doesn't have such
good, uh, rate limiting.
The rate limiting for a new account is relatively low, so it didn't work for me.
I would have to have requested more, and I didn't want you to have to do that.
So I won't be using Claude sonnet four.
But if you do have the ability to use it, then it might well be worth an experiment.
And I think that's it.
So.
So those are the models you will have to come in to these press model, modify model access and then
check the ones you want and then press save.
And then with the Nova models.
Uh, honestly I got I got access as soon as I refreshed the page.
But I think in theory it might take a minute or two.
Um, now, just just to be safe, we're going to be using it in US West two, the region you pick up
here, uh, US West two does not need to match the region of the US, uh, of the rest of your infrastructure.
So you should select US West two to do this if you want to see the greatest range of models.
Um, but I also I went back to US East one, and I also requested access to the same models in US East
one as well, because sometimes it's a bit it's a bit hard to figure out like which region it's selecting.
And I thought to keep it simple, I would just make sure I have access in both in case some of my environment
variables gets gets muddled up at any point.
So you might want to do the same if you want to avoid any potential region issues if the model you pick
is in both regions, but otherwise I'd suggest use us West two for your models and request access.
Get access to them.
Wait a couple of minutes and then I will see you back in the lab.
Okay, moving on to step one.
So one of the things that production systems often have is, is a use significant use of enterprise
APIs.
And we will use an API ourselves.
Right now we'll use an API to give us latest financial data.
And students from my agent course will recognize this one.
Well, we will use my one of my favorites polygon IO, which is a provider of market data to financial
services.
And it's it's great Reliable, robust API and you can do it for free.
It has a free plan and a paid plan, and all you need for this course is a free plan, unless you want
to be able to have live market data, in which case, by all means get the paid plan I do because I'm
into that stuff.
So you go to Polygon.com and this will come up this way.
Modernizing Wall Street, you press create account and then you use that to set up a free account and
collect your API key.
Uh, and then then you come back, uh, here again and it's time for us to set up our environment,
uh, file with these, these, these parameters.
Now, someone might say, someone asked me, why do we use polygon?
Why not use something like Yfinance, which is a free API that doesn't even need an API key?
So, so Yfinance is an alternative.
And if you use it yourself, you can by all means use it.
But it is.
It's like a it's not an official API.
It takes advantage of Yahoo's unofficial API for serving ticker symbols, which isn't doesn't necessarily
have an SLA, isn't supported and isn't guaranteed.
So it's a great example of it's fine for a demo project, but when it comes to building production systems,
every API should matter to you.
And so picking something like polygon as a sort of industry standard, robust scalable API makes a lot
of sense.
And of course, if you were building this to be true SaaS product, you would want to have the paid
plan which has decent rate limiting and so on.
So with that in mind, it's time to take these and add them to your EMV file.
The bedrock model ID needs to be exactly the model ID that you have access to.
And here's here's the one that I've got access to us.
Pro v1.
It's got to be exactly that.
The region where I have access to this model, the bedrock region is US West two.
And so that's what I've got in here.
And that is different to my default AWS region that I'm going to be using for Lambda and everything
else, which is US East one for me, but it should be whatever is closest to you.
So these two can be different.
You don't need to have your your bedrock models served from the same region as your lambda.
So you should you should pick whichever ones make most sense to you.
Um, or wherever you've requested the approval for the model.
Um, so be sure to get this right.
Mistakes here will be hard to track down.
So?
So double triple check.
And then for polygon you should have your free API key and put it there.
And then I've got this variable polygon plan which is just the word free.
If it's a free plan or change that to the word paid if it's a paid plan.
And that will mean the code will switch between just cashing and doing end of day market prices and
doing.
If you're paying for it, it will get you intraday prices of equity tickets.
So that is the setup I need you now.
I've already done this but so I don't need to do it.
But you need to do it.
You need to go into your EMV file and put in these secrets.
I will let you do that right now.