So next up, what I've got is something which is a bit of an exercise for you, uh, which is going
to be some, some reading.
A reading assignment, as you will see.
It will make sense in a second.
I want to take you to the back end folder in Alex.
Open it up and you'll see a number of directories here.
Some of them you know very well.
You already know, of course, from last week like ingest and, uh, researcher, our research agent.
So those you're familiar with and you're also familiar with database because that's what we worked on
yesterday.
So you know these ones.
But there's a bunch of them that are new.
And the ones we'll look at right now are of course, charter and planner and reporter and and retirement
and tagger.
Those are the new the agent directories.
Let's pick one.
Let's, let's pick a retirement and open it up and have a look at what it contains.
And what you'll find is that each of these subdirectories, each agent directory has very similar structure.
So once you get the structure of one of them you've got them all.
So first of all it has a Python module called Lambda Handler, and you hopefully remember that from
week two.
This is the Python module that will get deployed to Lambda, and which when you come into it and have
a look at it, you'll see that it has a bunch of stuff, but most importantly it has lambda handler
as a function.
This is the function that will get called on our lambda process, on our on our lambda serverless deployment
instance every time it is invoked.
So that is our lambda handler function.
We have a separate class called agent Pi, which is where we're putting our actual agent functionality.
And I'm using OpenAI agents SDK for our agent functionality in this in this course.
And I'm using that because that's my favorite.
But it really doesn't matter.
You could use any one.
We're not using any of the clever features of OpenAI agents SDK.
We're just using an agent call, an LLM call.
And we're using tools, of course, and we're using structured outputs, of course.
And all of the agent frameworks support that.
OpenAI agents SDK integrates with bedrock via light LM, and that's how we're going to be doing it.
So does crew AI.
Same thing.
Also uses light LM so many of these frameworks are exactly the same.
And you could use any that is not important, but the code itself is in agent py.
This is where is the code.
There's some other stuff to do with with preparing the data.
But then ultimately it's got the code that creates the agent right here.
There's also a separate class called templates.
And templates.py is where I've put the text that will get used in the prompts.
It's the key part of context engineering that happens there along with agent py.
So templates for each of these directories is where that happens.
Each of them is of course a UV project in its own right.
So it's got its own like UV and its own Pyproject.toml.
We'll see here somewhere.
And there it is.
And it's got its own virtual environment in here too.
And each of them has a file called package_docker.py and package docker.
Um it's not it's not a Docker container.
It's a Python module which is able to package up lambda into a zip file.
This one is called retirement lambda zip.
And it does that using a Docker container to do the packaging.
And why does it use a Docker container?
Because we want to make sure that we package this for a Lambda instance for for a Linux server.
So we use a special Docker container to do that for us Docker image that AWS has produced.
And this is something we also did in week two.
So hopefully you remember this and you're like, yeah, I remember that.
Uh, so this is this is a great technique I think if I remember right, yes.
When we did it in week two, we had lots of scripts that we had.
We had like a shell script and a PowerShell script.
This time we're doing it all in Python code, which makes life easier for us because we don't need to
have a windows version and a mac version.
You can just run it by running this module in this UV folder.
So this is possibly a better way of doing it.
So these are all the different classes.
And ignore observability.py for now.
That's one that we'll be coming back to.
Um yes you could you could pretend that's not there.
So these these are the classes.
And I also there's also some testing classes I'm going to come back to in a second.
But first the exercise for you, the exercise is now to go into each of these folders.
Look through each of the each of the five.
And I want you to see how are the agents created and which of them use tools and which of them use structured
outputs.
And take a little note, and then we will come back in a second and uh, compare notes and see if you
found that correctly.
See, see which what agent does what and how they use tools and structured outputs to achieve their
task by looking in the implementations of agents in each of those five directories and put me on pause.
Go and do that and we'll come back in a minute to compare notes.