Well, do you have your sleeves rolled up?
I hope you have your sleeves rolled up.
I'm wearing a polo shirt, so my sleeves are naturally rolled up, but I hope you've got your sleeves
firmly rolled up.
We've got a huge week ahead.
Absolutely gigantic.
I've got so much to show you.
No time to waste.
Let's get straight into it.
This week is all about AWS, and I can tell you it's going to be a bit gruelling, but overall it's
going to be extremely fun.
We have a lot to build and you're going to by the end of the week, you're going to be like a pro at
AWS.
I wouldn't say you're necessarily yet an expert.
We'll wait until the end of the whole four weeks before you get to that point.
But you're going to be a pro, you're going to know this stuff, and it's going to be great.
And what you see here is a preview of everything I have in store for you this week, including building
a product using bedrock, Terraform, GitHub actions so much.
But first, we need to look back at what happened last week and the new skills that you've acquired
as a result.
We built a front end app.
It was a react app.
We used Next.js, the application framework.
It was the TypeScript variant of it.
We used the pages router.
This week we're going to be using the app router.
And we use tailwind for styling.
We built a backend app using the fabulous fast API.
We use Clark for user authentication and for building subscription plans that could also be hooked up
to stripe.
We are not going to be using that this week, but it might make a comeback in the future.
Hang on in there and we package this into a Docker container.
And for those new to Docker, we covered some of the basics and we tested it locally.
And it worked front end and back end running in one container.
And then we took that container and we deployed it to the cloud.
We used AWS App Runner.
And after how easy it was to do that with Clark, it was a it was it was a little bit of a sweat to
go through all of the steps.
But this is core AWS learning.
And at the same time as doing all this, we should take note that we did in fact call an LM and stream
back results.
So whilst it felt like 80% of what we were doing is kind of core platform engineering work.
There was an AI angle to it too, and I gave you an assignment to beef up the app to make it have more
functionality, more capabilities, something that could actually be commercially useful in a medical
practice.
And I'm really hoping you did that.
Something maybe you've shared a link to it and did a PR to community contributions so that other students
can see what you've done.
Maybe you posted about it on LinkedIn, in which case, if you tagged me, then I will come in and check
it out, weigh in and make sure I amplify your success.
That is what I'm here for.
But before we do anything else, let's take a moment to go back into AWS as the root user and check
that we've got the right kind of costs that we were expecting and there's no surprises.
And then we will go and clean up the infrastructure.
Let's go do that now.
And so here I am at AWS Amazon.com screen I'm going to sign in to console.
I already signed in, but you need to go in and press that sign in as root user button.
So you're going in.
And when you look on the top right, you don't see AI engineer, you see your name or your root user
name.
We're in as me and we're going to go billing and cost management.
We should we should search for it here.
But you can also click on the on the link.
Just there.
There it is billing and cost management.
Up it comes.
And let's check how much money we have spent.
Now you'll notice that I have spent $105, which is uh, yes, it was very much unnecessary and you
will not have done.
I very much hope that you will, in fact, have spent zero at this point, because you almost certainly
were able to sign up with free introductory plan.
I couldn't, because I've been using AWS for a while.
Uh, even though I actually set up a new account for this for this course.
But it knew that I had existing accounts, I think probably because my, my credit card, uh, so I
wasn't eligible.
Hopefully you were.
But even if you weren't, you should have spent a tiny amount at this point.
I've spent so much because of all my time preparing for this course and figuring out what are the cheapest
services that we could use.
Uh, so hopefully you're looking at very good numbers here indeed.
Um, and, uh, the next thing that we're going to do is just check that, uh, the, the various services
that we've built are no longer running.
Let's go and do that now.
So I'm staying logged in as the root user because whilst you try and do as little as possible as the
root user, if you're looking to check that everything has been brought down or something like that,
you don't want to be restricted in any way.
You want to be absolutely sure you're seeing everything.
And I'm going to start by searching for App Runner, which was of course, the AWS app runner was the
component that we used last time.
Let's come in here and we can see that there are, for me, some things running.
Uh, you can ignore.
Alex.
Researcher Alex is going to be the name of our final project, and you can see that I've already been
playing around with what?
What there is to build.
So.
So ignore that.
But I have two consultation services, the original one I built and the second one I was doing while
I was showing it to you.
And so we need to now close these down.
So let's go into one of them.
Uh, and here we go.
And then I'm going to go over to actions and I'm going to say delete.
And it says to confirm deletion type delete in this field.
And that's what I will do.
And I will press delete.
And it's saying operation in progress.
And that will shortly delete that app runner.
Of course you can feel free to keep it running if it's something that you're planning to make oodles
of money off and you've built it up into something substantive.
But otherwise the right thing to do is to delete it and do that to the other app service as well.
You won't have to.
If you have anything else, any other app runners running, then delete them so that this is nice and
clean.
And then I will see you back in a minute.
But wait, before we go back to the slides, there is one other thing we might want to check.
Uh, it's very, very small, but there is also a small cost for the space we're using up with the,
uh, the Docker image that we put in ECR.
Remember what ECR stands for, Elastic Container Registry where our container is.
So if we go to the container registry.
Here it is.
We should find that in the container registry is indeed consultation app from our deployment can select
it and press delete.
I think we are talking about really really minimal costs here.
But if you want to be, uh, clean about this, you should delete it.
Later on this week, we'll look at a way to to see all of the resources you've got in Amazon, so you
can be absolutely sure you know what you're paying for.
This is we're just doing it this way for now so that you get a really good feel for it.
Okay.
And now back to the slides.
So let's take a moment to be self-congratulatory.
And we're 25% of the way through the course.
What what skills have you already picked up at this point when you're wearing your your entrepreneurs
hat?
Remember I said that this this course applies to entrepreneurs and enterprise people and everyone in
between.
As an entrepreneur, you're now in the position where you can deploy an AI web app using Vercel with
authentication subscription, you now know how to build your own app and deploy it, building an app
with front end and back end and so on.
That is a big box ticked.
If you're an enterprise person working in a larger company, you have a lot of the foundational AWS
knowledge you understand about AI, how to set up the root user and IAM user and give it permissions.
And you also know about containers using AWS App Runner.
Putting your container on ECR Elastic Container Registry.
Uh, there's a lot of these acronyms to learn.
So so you've got a lot of this foundational knowledge.
And also you've worked with the AWS console quite a bit.
You've got somewhat familiar with clicking around, looking at your your AWS account ID and your username
and looking at these numbers and things like that.
So I've got an enormous week in store for you this week.
It's really going to be a lot of, of uh, we're going to cover so much of, of AWS.
We're going to be building and deploying an AI app on AWS, on Amazon Web Services.
And these are some of the words that we're going to be doing.
We'll be using Lambda, bedrock, S3, API gateway, CloudFront, route 53, and some other things too.
And there's going to be a lot of these words for you to take on board.
So so be be mentally prepared for that.
We're going to be doing this.
We're going to be setting everything up through the AWS console and through a few commands, through
some AWS commands.
And that's going to be very laborious.
And it's actually not the way people normally do it in practice, because several years ago, this amazing
thing called Terraform came along, which was a way that you could write code to describe your infrastructure
as known as infrastructure as code.
And you can use Terraform to describe the AWS resources you want to build, and then just go and make
them be built without going into the console at all.
So you might wonder, why didn't we just do that from the beginning?
And the reason is because if you just use Terraform and some people just go straight into Terraform,
then you, you never really appreciate what's actually being built in AWS.
And you don't understand the different building blocks.
And if something were to go awry, you wouldn't know how to go into the console and find it and understand
it.
So I honestly think it's incredibly important to have built your first couple of apps, the sort of
the standard, traditional way of setting them up in the screens and a bit of command line.
And then we moved to Terraform, and you see how fabulous Terraform is and how it makes everything just
happen so easily.
And you can bring up environments and bring them down and up and down and yeah, just just for a few
clicks rather than endless clicking around consoles.
Uh, now AWS has its own version of Terraform called CDK, which is an AWS proprietary way of doing
it, just for AWS.
And I'm not planning to cover that on this course, because if you if you use CDK, then that will only
work for Amazon.
And we're going to use Terraform because that's more of an industry standard and because we'll be able
to use it for AWS and also for GCP and Azure.
And it's very widely used in the community.
But everything we cover is possible with CDK and An LLM will easily convert between Terraform scripts
and CDK.
So if you'd rather be doing CDK, you absolutely can.
But I do encourage Terraform.
We'll also be using GitHub actions, which is a way of doing what's called CI, CD, continuous integration
and deployment.
And that's going to be really great too.
So tons of things to cover.
And this is all core expertise for an enterprise role or even a even a startup.
At my startup we use Terraform and we deploy to the cloud with, with a lot of this stuff.
So, so from startup to medium sized company to enterprise, this is the way it works for a scalable,
robust, uh, industrial strength cloud application.
But what about for an entrepreneur?
If you're the entrepreneur you loved building with Vercel in week one and you might be thinking to yourself,
okay, but Vercel kind of works for me.
But do I need to do this?
Why?
Why don't I stick with vassal and look the.
In all honesty, the answer might be maybe vassal is all you need, particularly at the early stage
of starting a new business and building a product for the first time for sale can be perfect for you.
But I'd argue that it's still essential for you to learn about how AWS works, how a proper cloud deployment
actually works in practice.
Vercel is doing all of this behind the scenes.
It just does it all for you.
And understanding.
Understanding this, this scalable framework is something that will position you well for success later.
As your app takes off, there's going to become a point when you will outgrow Vercel, and it's going
to be time to deploy your product properly.
And understanding the frameworks, understanding how cloud deployments work and the architecture and
the pros and cons sets you up perfectly for that.
And it helps you know when is the right moment to move from a vassal kind of thing into a proper AWS
or GCP or Azure deployment.
So I'd say entrepreneurs are welcome to.
This is equally important for you.
You could choose maybe not to do all the deployments yourself just to watch the videos, but this is
going to be essential learning for you to.