And now, perhaps for the single most important topic of the entire course, cloud deployment architecture,
I'm going to be talking for a bit.
There's going to be some theory today, then some lab today.
Tomorrow will be the bigger lab.
So there are a number of different ways that you can deploy software to the cloud.
And it's ambiguous and it's confusing.
And people use terms like pass in different situations to mean different things.
So I'm going to tell you the most common and the most typical use of language.
But be be aware of the fact that some people use these terms differently.
So you may need to figure out what someone's talking about by asking a few pointed questions.
But first and foremost, the simplest way that you can deploy to the cloud and the way we all started
doing this, where it all came from, is what some people would call traditional cloud server.
And it's also sometimes known as IaaS infrastructure as a service.
And this is where you quite simply rent a computer in the cloud.
You rent a box, you have access to a server, and you own that server while you're renting it.
And that means you have to set up everything on that server.
You have to choose the operating system that runs on it.
You have to install patches on there, set up all the software and configure it, run your programs
on it.
But it's like you've got a server that you can remotely connect to and it's yours to run with.
And back in the day, this is how we did all cloud deployments.
We get a bunch of server compute.
We'd set them all up.
We'd install a database on one, we'd install an app server on another, and these would be servers
running remotely in the cloud, on AWS or wherever.
That's where it began.
And next up is platform as a service or pass.
And this is where you write some code to do your application, some business logic and some functionality,
and then everything else is handled for you by a platform that's responsible for taking what you've
done and dealing with everything else to put it online, live on the internet.
And this was initially, I think, made most famous by Heroku back in the day, if you've heard of that.
They were like the first people to really, uh, bring, bring the world to this model.
And now it's very common.
And you're most familiar with it because it is, of course, what Vercel is.
Uh, this is exactly what we did last time.
We wrote a bit of code.
We wrote a vassal dot JSON file in day one, and it just dealt with everything else.
It just put it up there on the internet and gave us a URL, and we were done compared with what we went
through on day five.
Uh, it was it was pretty magical.
So that is pass.
And then another thing that you've also got some experience with now is called container as a service
or sometimes called CAS.
And this is where you package up an app into a Docker image.
So you've containerized it as they say, and then the service will take care of the rest.
You made a container.
It will then put that container on the internet.
And that's what we did, of course, with AWS App Runner.
And that is a common model.
And I should say sometimes people do use CAS and pass in different contexts.
But but this is the most common.
Okay.
And next up container orchestration.
So this is something which is a pro uh, approach.
Uh, and sometimes when people say CAS they're referring to this, it's confusing.
But I would call it container orchestration.
And that's probably what most people would say.
This is where you want to manage not one container, but a large number of containers that all need
to collaborate with each other in some way.
There's some messaging they do between each other.
You want to manage how they scale.
You want to be able to monitor them.
You want to be able to restart them.
You want to be able to to orchestrate is the word, uh, everything that's going on with potentially
many containers and doing that involves using typically a product like famously one called Kubernetes
that's extremely popular, and running all of that infrastructure on the cloud.
And this is known as container orchestration.
And this is the most advanced approach and for large scale companies.
And we will not be covering that on this course.
If you want to use Kubernetes then that can be a follow on exercise for you.
We do actually use it at my startup, so it can be used even at smaller companies.
Um, and it is more of a, of a sort of pro approach for large scale applications.
And then last of just of the five that we're going to cover, there are many more.
But of the big five, last, definitely not least, in fact the hottest, the one that everyone loves
to talk about is known as serverless architecture or serverless functions, sometimes called function
as a service.
Not so common, but you sometimes hear that and this the this this is the hot thing that came up a few
years ago, but has just got bigger and bigger.
And it's an idea where you get very granular as a developer.
You just write one particular function that could be like like a route to call or a particular fast
API server, and that function can be uploaded to to a platform, and it will be run on demand.
When, when the outside world, when when a web request comes in that needs to use this function or
in some other way, it needs to be called a server will be spun up and it will be run, and then the
server will be shut down.
And this can happen in parallel.
It can be scaled.
You can have none of them running at all, in which case you don't pay a penny, or if suddenly a whole
bunch of requests come in, it could scale up and handle whatever demand you've got.
So it's super flexible.
It's flexible in terms of being able to scale effectively, and it's flexible in terms of pricing,
because you only pay for the CPU that you use.
You only pay when this thing is actually running and that makes it very attractive indeed, particularly
for companies that want to be able to start small and grow fast.
And generally making heavy use of these is known as a serverless architecture and is so hip at the moment.
And that's definitely we're going to be using serverless functions a lot on this course, uh, along
with uh, with containers as a service as well.
Those will be the ones that we'll focus on more than any other.
Uh, so that that gives you the lay of the land, the five main cloud deployment archetypes that you
may come across.
And then finally, just to layer on this diagram, what are the names of the AWS components for each?
So for traditional cloud servers it's known as EC2.
Now you don't need to memorize this though.
We will cover some of these in a lot more.
And by the end of it you're going to be dreaming these things.
EC2 is the name of Amazon's, uh, Traditional compute where you can get your own compute box.
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna tell you what the acronyms stand for yet.
We will have plenty of time for that.
Uh, the platform as a service pass.
Amazon's offering there is known as Beanstalk.
Of course, you already know Vercel and realize it's not an Amazon product.
I put that on just because you know it.
Well, uh, so, uh, Beanstalk is AWS is offering there for container as a service.
We did this.
As you know, this is app runner container orchestration.
Amazon actually has two different offerings.
One's called ECS and one's called X, which is the Kubernetes version of it.
And you might say hang on, X sounds familiar.
But no, you're thinking of ser, which would be the Elastic Container Registry.
It just all rolls off the tongue, doesn't it?
Uh, and then serverless functions, you've almost certainly heard of this already because it's so,
so hot.
Lambda is the name of AWS product for calling functions in the cloud.