So we're now going to talk about AWS components a little bit more.
Before we get to the to the lab.
And I just want to make the point that I do think that, that some of the cloud deployment world is
a bit like learning biology.
I think of working with LMS.
The stuff that is my my greatest forte, I feel, is more like physics.
It's more about understanding, experimenting, learning about the way, what, how it works and why
it works and that kind of thing.
With AWS, there's a lot of learning, there's a lot of anatomy, there's a lot of words and acronyms
and stuff to memorize if you want to feel fluent in it.
I was never much good at biology at school.
I'm sure some of you are brilliant at biology or me.
Uh, so so I do, I find it, I find it hard work.
And some of you may find it hard work as well.
I find learning about LMS rather simpler.
Uh, with AWS, as I say, there's there's going to be lots of terminology.
And my advice to you is to not let it get to you.
Just listen to all these words.
Copy what I do expect that it will sink in over time as you start to have like S2 and S3 and Lambda
and CloudFront and all these other things just roll off the tongue.
But we are now going to have a biology lesson as we get into the AWS components that we'll be using
this week.
So then I'm going to talk about five of them which are the main five we will use.
So Amazon S3, S3 which stands for Simple Storage Service.
Uh this is very simple indeed.
It is just like having a shared drive, like a Google drive in the cloud that you can access for your
software.
And it's organized into things called buckets and an S3 bucket.
You hear people saying that all the time.
I'm going to put that in S3 bucket.
And S3 bucket is like one particular shared drive with one particular name that you can access.
And in that bucket you can have basically directories and files, just just like any shared drive.
That is S3.
And of course there's lots of hair, there's lots of complexity around it.
But but that's the simple, simple version Lambda we've already talked about.
You're going to get to love it.
This is individual functions run on the cloud.
You only pay for the CPU clock cycles that you use CloudFront.
front.
Okay.
What is CloudFront?
So have you heard of something called a CDN?
A content delivery network.
CDNs are part of the way that the internet works when it comes to to larger files like images and JavaScript
files.
It would be very inefficient if every time you looked at a web page like a news web page, it was going
all the way back to their servers to collect all of the images and bring them back all over the internet
from wherever the servers are running in, in the States or wherever that particular site is being hosted.
And so there is this idea that for larger files that are static, like images, it's more efficient
for, for for companies to push them out to, to smaller data centers all over the world, so that when
a user brings up a web page, it loads some of the web page from the actual server itself, like CNN.
If you're looking at CNN's at news, but for some of the images, it's just collecting them from a local
data center somewhere really near where you're located, so that it only has to travel a little bit.
And it's really fast.
And when you have a service that someone like CNN can connect with in order to push out their assets,
like images to to be located close to everyone all over the world, that service is known as a CDN,
a content delivery network, and Amazon offers such a service.
And their offering is known as CloudFront.
So CloudFront.
And when you when you work with CloudFront, it's called making CloudFront distribution.
That means being able to take the assets associated with your with your app and be able to distribute
them all over the world so that when people bring up a web page, it's collecting.
It's talking to to Amazon servers for some things, but it's talking to all these CloudFront servers
all over the world to collect your assets.
So that is called CloudFront.
If you didn't get all of that it doesn't matter because we're going to play with it.
You're going to get a better sense for it later.
But hopefully you now know three of the Amazon words we'll be doing today.
And then the next one is called Amazon API gateway.
And this is another Amazon component where you can manage.
You can set up the different, uh, External APIs you will offer the world that might then, for example,
call a lambda function and put some instrumentation around them so you can manage things like rate limiting
them and managing how they scale and so on.
Now it happens with Lambda.
You can set up lambda so that the outside world can go straight to lambda in some ways, but it is considered
a best practice to set up an API gateway.
It gives you more controls, it's more bulletproof, and it's more the way you would build an enterprise
application.
And so that's what we'll be using today.
Well, not actually today this week, but we'll be talking about it today.
And then last but not least is AWS not AWS Amazon Bedrock.
And this this is something which is one of a two different LLM offerings that Amazon has that we'll
talk about the other one next week.
But bedrock is something which allows you to quickly build JNI apps by connecting to Frontier Models
Foundation LMS through bedrock.
And it has a number of other features, like it has like an agent platform in there too, that we'll
look at at some point.
But this is all part of the Amazon Bedrock product, and it's a very minor point.
You may have noticed I got tongue tied about Amazon Bedrock versus AWS bedrock.
It's interesting that Amazon is quite careful with its branding that some of its products are branded
Amazon.
And then the product and some of them are AWS and the product, and they are consistent everywhere with
it.
So just so that you feel native with AWS products, it's worth knowing.
Typically the Amazon branding is for some of their earliest offerings, like S3 that that came at the
very beginning, Amazon S3.
And also they use the Amazon branding for products that they want to be in front of consumers, products
which which they want to be out there in the public, not just for us nerds.
Uh, and so that would be something like bedrock.
They want to really promote bedrock as, as their gen AI offering.
So it's Amazon bedrock.
But for some of the more the nerdier offerings that are meant for us re engineers, uh, they brand
them AWS.
So it's AWS Lambda, for example.
So there's something to know about, if you're wondering, uh, if you want to get it right then then
you should you should stick with the way that they describe it in their docs.