And welcome back to cursor.
I am looking in cursor at the production project.
So you go file new window and select production or Open Production.
And remember to always do a git pull explained in the guides to make sure that you have the latest code.
And in the production repo there is a week two folder and there's five days worth of guides.
And if you right click on day one and do open preview, it will come up in a nice formatted way.
So today introducing the twin we are going to build an AI digital twin, a conversational AI that represents
you to future employers.
And we're going to start today by building a local version that particularly focus on making sure that
memory works, so that you can have an apparently stateful conversation with an LLM, which we are using
this technique of just passing in the conversation so far.
So one of the things that's going to be very different about today is that we're going to be using the
app router mode of Next.js.
Not the pages router, the more modern app router.
So there's a few things to to look for that will be different when we're using the pages router that
are keyed to know you're using the pages router is that there is a directory called pages, and every
file in that page's directory becomes a root, a URL that the outside world can hit.
So index TSX is the sort of the main root.
And then product TSX is product and so on.
And that's that's the model you look for in the pages router, which is nice and simple.
The app router is sort of built more for for more robust applications where there's an app directory
contrasting the pages directory.
Within the app directory, you have one one file called page TSX that represents your your root.
What will happen if someone just hits the main URL and then you have a separate subdirectory inside
app for every other page, so you'd have a separate subdirectory.
If you had a slash about, then you would need to have a subdirectory called about, and pages in that
subdirectory would then serve slash about.
So uh.
Put put simply you have separate subdirectories for every web page.
Whereas with the pages router you just have a separate TypeScript file for every web page.
That's perhaps the the most obvious difference that you'll find.
But there are there are lots of others.
Um, and so, uh, this this is now going forwards the recommended approach, uh, it turned out that
that app router didn't work with Clark with, with static front end websites.
So I had to use the classic pages router.
But we won't be using Clark this week.
So we can use App Router.
And that's why we will.
Okay.
It's time to set up our project for this week.
The twin project.
Let's go and do that now.
Okay, so starting with part one project setup, first of all, open cursor or whatever IDE you like
and create a new project called twin.
So I'm going to go to the file menu.
I'm going to say Open Folder.
And then here come all my projects I'm in my projects directory.
Go there press new folder.
Twin is what we'll call this say create and then open and bam!
Here we are in our new twin project.
I'm going to close down the AI for now.
So here we have a completely empty canvas looking at twin.
We're going to be building everything in this directory in this project from scratch this week.
Uh, we're not going to be cloning an existing repo or anything like that.
This will be yours.
Your repo to keep.
And I'm going to start by opening up a terminal and just for convenience.
So the instruction guides are all there in the, in the other in the production repo.
But it might be helpful for us here.
We can right click and say new folder on the left and let's make a new folder called week two like that.
And then in the terminal control Backtick, I can copy in the contents of the week two folder from the
production repo.
I think I did this last week as well, so I'll do copy, go up a directory, go into the production
directory, take the week two folder and copy everything into this week two folder right here.
You can also just do this by dragging and dropping in your explorer or whatever, whatever makes you
feel more comfortable.
But once I've done that, I do this so that we have all of our days here.
So we're not going to have to click backwards and forwards between the two.
Hopefully that makes sense to you.
And now with that open preview for day one again and we're back.
We're now in our fabulous new project.
Uh, and we are already we've already set up our step one of part one.
Okay.
We're on to step two.
Create the project directories in File Explorer on the left here.
Right click new folder and set up a new folder that's called Back End.
That's where our back end is going to live.
And then right click again new folder and call it memory.
This is where our memory files are going to live when we're running it locally.
When we deploy they'll be in S3.
Okay.
And now it's time for us to create our front end in step three, because we have a front end folder
to match the back end.
And we're going to use create next app to do it.
Okay.
So I'm going to open a new a new terminal like so or the same terminal and then run this command Npx
create next app.
Remember that command we did before.
We've got a few flags here.
We're calling it front end.
So it'll be created here with front end.
We want a TypeScript variant.
We're going to use tailwind again.
That as you can probably guess means we're going to be using the app router.
And this is just automatically saying no to that question about user source directory.
Uh, so it wants to install create next app.
We say yes.
Which linter will use ES lint.
Would you like to use Turbo pack.
We'll say no.
We'll say no to that as well.
And it's all happened.
We now have a front end folder as well.
And if you look within it, you'll see all sorts of stuff, including the telltale app folder, which
tells us immediately we're in an app router situation.
So we have a back end, our front end, a memory.
And then week two is our guides.
So far so good.
And then it has like a checkpoint here.
Does our setup look like that.
Yes it does.
Very nice.
Okay.
Part two is to install a Python package manager.
We're going to be using UV which is my favorite package manager.
It is so fantastic.
It's taken the community by storm.
It's everywhere now.
So UV is something which replaces.
It doesn't replace.
It's an alternative to Anaconda, for example, or using Virtualenvs directly to organize your Python
dependencies in a very robust way.
And UV is not only extremely robust, it's also very fast.
It's written in rust.
Um, and anyone that's been on my genetic course knows it only too well.
Here's where to install it.
These instructions are beautifully written.
Uh, and so you should be able to follow this.
You don't need anything more from me.
Although I do have in here the the commands to follow.
But you'll also get them straight from there.
There are alternative instructions.
If any of these give you problems when you're done, you should be able to come in here and do UV minus
minus version and we'll see.
I have UV 0.7.9.
You can actually it's not in the instructions but you can do UV self-update if you wish.
And that will update onto the latest version of UV.
Let's see what we're on now checking for updates.
Success.
Look at that.
So now if I do UV minus minus version I'm on the latest version, naught .8. 13.
Great.
So.
And look at the instructions.
Naught .5. naught.
Now we're a fair bit on for that.
That is part two.
Done.
It's onwards to part three.
You're probably starting to feel like that didn't lie.
This really is just going to be environment setup.
And you ain't seen nothing yet.
Wait for it.
All right.
So next up we're going to create a requirements file for installing Python packages within the backend
directory.
So in backend right click here new file.
And you know the thing is if you make any mistakes here like if you put this requirements.txt in the
parent directory instead of in here, then you're going to get snafus later.
And it might be hard to figure out why.
So I tell you this is going to be you're going to have to be really aware of what's going on.
Uh, so I'm going to copy this.
These are the packages that we depend on.
Paste it in here and I save.
And that is done.
Onwards.
Okay.
Next create an environment configuration.
So within back end we want to create a dot EMV file.
Okay new file dot EMV.
And in that EMV file we're going to have two things.
We're going to have open AI API key equals.
And we're going to put something there.
And then there's another 12I just saw let's go back and have a look at it.
And it's one that's going to take a little bit of explanation.
It's cause origins.
And be sure to spell this right.
Not cross origins but cause origins.
Cause I remember I mentioned it before.
I think it is the bane of front end developers lives.
Cause is all about the security controls around, uh, which, uh, what what back end or front end
is allowed to connect to, uh, and it is a headache and we are very careful with it on this course.
And at some point I'll talk more about chords, but for now, just go along with it.
Uh, in this preview file, sorry, we'll just take exactly what it says there.
This is going to be the value to use in our EMV file.
And now you have to go and find your OpenAI API key.
If you're not sure where to find it, then presumably it's in another EMV file that you've used.
Copy it.
Paste it in here.
You need to save that white blob.
There is a sign that you haven't saved this type of symbol here.
If I save now, you get this.
This, uh, stop symbol.
That is good news that.
Don't worry about that.
That's telling you a good thing.
It's telling you that AI features are disabled for the EMV file, which is for your own protection,
because cursor doesn't want to be sending the contents of this file to AIS to fill it in.
So don't worry about that, that sign.
But but do worry about a white blob.
That means you need to save your EMV file.
You wouldn't believe how many people forget to save their dot env file.
I'm going to go and do that right now, and I will come back when my key is safely in there.