Okay, now it's time to write some code or copy and paste some code.
Uh, so first up we're going to make a file called me dot txt, which is going to be a little description
of who who you are.
And so back end it's in the back end directory a new file dot txt.
And you should replace this.
Don't don't spend too much time on this because we're going to do it differently tomorrow.
So just make this uh obviously representing Ed Donner on Ed's website.
So make this your name, your website.
Your goal is to answer questions acting as ed to the best of your knowledge.
Ed is a what am I?
I guess I'm an I'm an AI engineer, uh, a leader and AI speaker.
That gets it right.
There we go.
Add two, three sentences.
I'll let you do that right now.
Don't fumble with it while you're watching.
Okay, back we go.
That was me in in, uh, back end.
All right.
Now.
Step four create a fast API server.
But there's going to be no memory.
So here we go.
We're going to take all of this code right here.
We'll talk about it in a second.
Take this code.
Take this code.
There it is.
Copy.
And where are we going to put this.
We are going to put this into a file called server.py in the backend directory.
New file server.py in the backend directory paste it in there.
Let's take a quick peek.
It's a fast API server.
Don't worry about the uh, these linting yellow squigglies.
That's it's because it doesn't know what what environment we're in.
So it's unhappy with them.
Doesn't matter though.
Uh, so as we're going to load in environment variables using load env, if you're not familiar with
that from people from any of my other courses will be then Google it to find out more.
We start the fast API server just as before.
This stuff is about this cause business, uh, which I will scoot over, but you can look it up too.
And at some point we'll talk about.
Cause, uh, but this is setting things up, right?
So that our front end knows that this is, uh, that all is good and that we can our front end can talk
to this back end.
Okay, then we're going to create an OpenAI Python client library.
You can replace this with your own if you want to use something other than OpenAI.
Uh, load personality is simply where we, uh, open the, uh, text and we'll return the contents of
me and we'll set that to a global variable called personality.
Okay.
And then we're going to have a chat request and a chat response as two pydantic objects.
We're going to have a route that just a slash API that is just going to say AI digital twin.
We're going to have slash health, which is going to return healthy, just status of healthy so that
we know that all is well.
You remember this something like this from from App Runner.
And then we're going to have slash chat, which is where it's going to to respond to a message.
And we use this pedantic object to describe the format of object that comes in.
And we're going to to, uh, process that and return a response, uh, chat response back again.
So and this is where we say the response model is of type chat response.
So, uh, what we do is we collect the messages.
We're not going to do any message history.
We call client chat, create a very well-known API.
And then we build a chat response object from response dot choices, zero dot message content.
The same old thing that you use a million times to get back a response from an LM.
And, uh, that is really it.
We then return that and then at the bottom here we just have something that starts the backend server.
I you see that white blob there.
What does that white blob tells you?
I haven't pressed save yet.
I press save.
And we've just built our server dot Pi.
And now back to our instructions.
Let's see where we got to.
We're now going to create the front end.
So we're going to create a component called twin dot TSX.
And this is going to be twin TSX.
Fair amount of stuff there.
Tra la la.
Copy all of this.
Lots of front end code.
Front end is often very verbose.
So where does twin TSX go exactly?
Let's have a look.
It's going into a new folder called components.
So we're going to go to the front end.
We're going to create a new folder.
And we're going to call the folder components.
So this is actually not within our app router at all.
It's going to be connected from there.
Within that, we're going to create this new file called twin dot TSX, twin dot TSX, TypeScript file
and paste in our twin.
And this causes not about front end.
So I'm not going to go through this with you.
But you will see, for example, this important, incredibly important line here is when we do the fetch,
we're going to connect to port 8000 on localhost and call chat port 8000.
You might have noticed was where we ran uvicorn the server.
So it's going to connect locally and it's going to call chat.
And some of this is stuff that you've seen before.
Um, what else should I point out to you.
Um, I do want to point out you'll see a red squiggly at the top here with this thing here lucide react.
So it means that red squiggly means there's something we still need to install because we are reusing
a react component off the shelf.
That's going to help us here.
And cursors even highlighted some things in red right now.
It's unhappy with us.
Let's try and rectify that.
Uh, back to the instructions on the twin component.
Uh, so, uh, after the twin component, we are indeed going to rectify that problem.
We are going to need to do this npm install, which remember, is the front end equivalent of a pip
install.
So we come here we go into front end.
You need to install from your next app.
And now we're going to do npm install and install this uh lucid react component.
And once we've done that any second now this should should realize.
There we go.
Realize.
And the red is gone.
And it's all looking very promising.
Okay.
Get rid of the terminal.
It's time for us to finish off the actual files we're going to put within slash app so that we have
a running front end.
So first up within app we're going to create pages and pages within the app folder is what will get
served when someone goes to our root.
Uh, just to our URL.
So new file page dot TSX.
It's like the modern index dot TSX.
Oh, it already exists there because there's a default one there.
So we just overwrite it, paste it in there.
This is our new version.
Okay.
That is done.
Back to the instructions.
And now we need to, uh, make a little fix to, uh, the front end postcss config.
Let's just make sure that we are using the modern, correct approach for the latest tailwind CSS.
Just something to do uh, and back here again and then update the global styles.
So we need to replace the global CSS.
You remember we had the globals before.
Uh we're going to do a complete replace of app globals.
There it is.
Select all paste on the new one.
Save that and that is done.
Back we go to the um instructions and it's going to be time to test it.
Uh, so, uh, let's let's get to that okay.
Time to test.
We'll bring up a terminal in cursor.
Uh, we're in front end right now.
Let's go back up to twin, go into backend.
So we're going to create a new um, project.
And the right command here is UV init dash dash bear.
That stops it creating a whole bunch of files we don't need.
If you forget the bear then we're going to have problems later.
So don't forget the bear.
It's initialized it and it's created like a pyproject.toml.
Uh, Python 3.12 means that it will be using Python 312 and it will install one.
If you don't already have it, you've add requirements.txt is the modern equivalent of pip install.
Uh, sorry, you've add r requirements.txt.
Subtext, uh, is the modern equivalent of pip install r requirements.txt.
Everything gets installed.
Look how fast that was.
It's crazy.
And now we just run this command here to run our server.
And our app server is running.
It's off.
It's off and running.
All right.
It's time.
Uh, it tells us what we should see.
And we do indeed see that.
Okay, we now need to open another terminal, which is control shift and the backtick.
Here's another terminal.
And you see both terminals here.
Over here we can now CD to front end.
And we can run our front end by doing npm run dev.
Is it going to work first time.
Is it going to work first time.
Looks like it seems to be working first time.
Uh, you should see.
Yes.
Okay.
Now we're going to open up our local host.
Here we go.
Drumroll.
Look at that.
AI in production.
Deploy your digital twins.
The cloud.
Look how fancy it looks.
Very nice.
Looks a bit like radio.
Just better.
Okay, let's say hi there.
Let's see if it can connect to OpenAI.
Let's take a drumroll.
Hello.
I'm Madonna's digital twin.
How can I assist you today?
It works.
Hi.
Oops.
Hi.
My name's all right.
A name other than Ed.
I'm going to be Alex.
My name is Alex.
Hi, Alex.
It's great to meet you.
How can I assist you today?
Oh, what's my name?
What's my name?
I'm sorry, but I don't have access to that information.
Hopefully you're expecting that.
Uh, so this is to show you that we've set something up.
We're able to have a chat, we've got a cool front end.
We've got a front end and back end coming together in the browser.
They're both running on our local machines on localhost.
The front end is being served on localhost 3000.
The back end is on localhost, 8000 being called by the front end.
It's all working, but there's no memory.
Every call is a separate stateless call and it can't hold a conversation that's hopeless.
Let's fix it.