Okay.
And it's time to add memory to our back end.
This is a new version of backend server.py for you to take.
Copy all of this and paste it in.
And if you're thinking why isn't he coding all this?
We want to be coding.
The answer is this is a deployment course.
Production.
Deployment.
Look at my other ones for the coding.
But I will talk it through of course.
Let's go over to server.
In backend.
Select all the server.
Delete it fully replace it with this new improved version.
What have we changed.
Save that.
Um, so we have a new function load conversation which just loads in stuff from the disk from, from
uh, from uh, slash memory, uh, on, on the local drive and save conversation.
Just saves something to the local drive.
Okay.
Uh, if we now look at the slash chat route, this has been changed.
It first looks for a session ID in the request object, or it just comes up with a new random one.
If it doesn't exist.
Then it loads any conversation that we've already saved with that session ID.
It then builds the messages object, the list of dicts that gets sent to OpenAI.
It starts with the system prompt.
Uh, here we go with your personality.
And then it iterates through the prior conversation and adds that into the messages.
And finally it adds in the user's latest message at the end.
And we then call OpenAI.
It's calling GPT four mini.
Let's make that GPT 4.1 mini slightly pricier, but really good.
But you can leave it on 4.0 or make it four one nano if you wish.
Um, which is super cheap.
Um, you could use GPT five, but I find that GPT five is a bit slower, even when it's on its fastest
mode.
The minimal mode.
Still a bit slower.
So I prefer GPT four on mini myself.
But you should experiment.
And, uh, we get back the response, we add that response into our conversation along with our current
message, and we save that to disk.
So that's all saved.
And we return the response.
That's all there is to it.
And next up in the guide it will tell us we need to to stop and start our back end server and then give
it a whirl.
So we bring back up the terminal.
We go back to back end.
We stop with control C and start it again.
Uh, that might not be necessary actually.
It might auto reload.
You should see.
But but just in case, stop it and start it.
Go back to our front end, uh, server so that we can just click the link right here and bring back
up the digital twin running in production and say hi there.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
My name's Alex.
Uh, you may notice there's this annoying thing you have to click back in that field every time, which
is irritating.
And we will fix that later.
Never fear.
Let that irritate you, because it's going to be satisfying when we fix it.
My name's Alex.
Great to meet you, Alex.
How can I assist you?
What's my name again?
What's my name?
You mentioned your name's Alex.
How can I help you today, Alex?
So that hopefully proves that it does manage to maintain the context of the conversation.
It means that it's working.
It's happening.
And indeed, if we now go back to cursor, if you open up, you see this memory folder we've got locally.
If you open that up, you'll see that there is a file in there.
There's a file which has like a long name which is a Uuid.
And it's got within it the conversation that we're having so far, it's being saved to disk.
We've built our simple memory implementation with a front end and back end running locally on our computer.
And you'll see in that guide a few more things for you to think about and look at in terms of what we've
built.
But basically we have spent today laying the foundation for what's ahead.
We've talked about AWS architecture.
We've got a few acronyms and different, different styles, different archetypes of production architecture.
And then we've gone to the digital twin, and we've built out a local running app with a front end,
an XJS app router frontend, a back end with fast API.
We've pulled them together, brought them together in the browser, which is able to to call the backend
API and has the core stuff set up right.
Always a headache and it's working nicely because it's using memory.
It's storing a flat file locally.
The server is keeping a history of each conversation in JSON files that it's storing locally in a memory
folder, and we are ready.
We are poised to take all of this and deploy it all to AWS.
And that's what we're going to do tomorrow.
And it's going to be great.
And I can't wait.
That brings us to this point, 30% complete of your way through the journey to production expertise.
Uh, but tomorrow's going to be a big day and I can't wait.