Now it's time to update our backend server, starting by updating the requirements.txt with the packages
we need.
Just a few additions here.
Select this, go to requirements.txt, select everything and paste in the new one.
We've got a couple of AWS packages and we've got py pdf so that we can in parse PDF files.
All right back to the preview.
We have a new version of Server.py our backend code.
Let's just copy and paste it in and then I'll tell you what's changed here.
It all is lots of stuff there.
Copy that.
Go over to server.py, select everything, paste on top and save.
What are we doing here?
This code is all the same.
We're still using the OpenAI client and you should use your one if you're using something different.
Uh, and then we've got a few new environment variables.
Use S3 uh, which is true or false S3 bucket, which is going to be the name of an S3 bucket to use
for the memory, uh, or memory directories if we're running locally.
Uh, and then uh, so Boto3 is the Python library that AWS provides for accessing AWS APIs.
And we're using that to get our, uh, S3 client library, uh, which we will be using to access S3.
And load conversation has been updated so that if you use S3 is true, then it gets an object from S3.
You provide in a bucket name and a key, which is going to be our, our, uh, session ID as before.
And that will allow us to bring back that object with that key in this bucket.
That is how it works.
So, um, we've also got a save conversation which, which, uh, basically calls S3 client Putobject
before we called S3 client dot get object.
objects.
Now we put an object, we pass in the bucket name and we pass in the key, which is the as as before
the the session ID um, but that's that session ID is we're putting it into get memory path which is
basically session ID, JSON, which is the key, the name of this file.
Okay.
Uh, otherwise things are pretty similar.
Uh, if you look through, nothing much has changed.
The only real difference here.
Should we make this back to GPT 4.1 mini?
Uh, the only difference here is this way of getting the conversation history, using the get object
and put object from an S3 bucket instead of us.
Uh, just looking in the local file system, if the environment variable use S3 is set to true, that's
the change that we've made.
So again in the last step we updated our server code so that it would use Boto3 AWS Python client library
to access S3 buckets so that it could retrieve our conversation history from S3 buckets.
The next step is about changing our server function so it can be used as a lambda function.
And there's this library we need to use called Mangum, which is a library which uh, which which wraps
a fast API server and allows that to be used in the lambda context, which is slightly different.
So this is it's just an open source library.
I think it's named after, uh, the the movie The Lawnmower Man.
It's, uh, apparently what the library author named it after because it's about translating.
Uh, but, uh, so this is, this is what we do.
Uh, within back end, we have a Python module called Lambda handler dot pi.
And this is what we will set up to be the actual function called by lambda.
So uh, let's do that now.
So this is going to be called lambda underscore handler.
Uh within here new file.
Handler dot pi.
And if you're not familiar with the word lambda it's spelled with a B in the middle of it, which catches
people out sometimes.
I sometimes do lambda, but it's lambda.
Uh, the Greek letter.
The letter looks like that.
Um, so, uh, lambda handler.
Uh, so we we import this this, uh, Mangum object and we use that.
We, we, we import our fast API app and we wrap it like so, and we assign that to a variable called
handler and later keep, keep hold of that thought because later we're going to be telling Lambda we
want you to take this handler.
That's the object in this module, which is going to be the thing responsible for servicing the lambda
function request.
So keep keep keep an eye out for handler and lambda handler.
And now back to our instructions.
So we're just going to to update the dependencies and just make sure everything is working locally.
Uh before we go ahead and deploy.
Let's do that now.
Okay.
So I'm just going to bring up a terminal.
I'm in the backend directory Tree here and I'm going to do a uv add minus r requirements.txt to install
those extra packages, although it won't actually use the AWS one, but it should use the pypdf2.
And now we will do.
We will run the command to start our server.
You can just take this from the guide.
Off goes our server.
Our server is now running.
It seems to be successful.
Let's go over to our client CD frontend and npm run dev.
Let's see what happens.
Now we will bring this up.
Here it comes AI in production.
That's great.
Uh, so far so good.
Let's say hi there.
Hi, Ed.
Here.
What's on your mind today?
Uh, my name's Alex.
Sorry, my name's Alex.
Nice to meet you.
And what's my name?
You just mentioned Alex.
Nice and straightforward, I like that.
Ha!
Well, my name is Ed.
It's even more straightforward, but I feel like I can't tell my digital twin I'm me, or I get super
confused.
Uh.
All right.
So far, so good.
So that's working.
And of course, because I use S3 is set to false by by.
It's not set at all in the environment variable.
So it will assume it's not using S3.
And as a result it's just following the same code path as before.
We haven't broken anything.
Nothing's regressed.
But we are now all ready for AWS.
So again I'm going to stop this server.
I'm going to stop the backend.
I'm going to close the terminal, go back to our our preview.
And we are now launching into part two, set up the AWS environment.
So the first thing is to uh it says create env.
We already have a env.
But we're going to add in a few more things to it.
We're going to add in.
We've already actually got open AI API key, but we're going to add in project name is twin.
And we're going to add AWS account ID and then default AWS region.
So you remember this from last time.
This needs to match the region that you get on the top right.
When you log in that you can you can always change.
So that region needs to be the region which is closest to you, the main region that makes most sense
for where you are.
Uh, the usually that's I think EU West one if you're in most of Europe, unless you're closer to another
big one.
It's uh, the Mumbai one in Asia Pacific in India is a very common one, and US West one and West two.
And of course, for me, it's US East one.
Uh, even though I'm in London at the moment, but still US East one is the one that I will pick.
And, uh, I'm gonna set that up right now.
My EMV file, as should you.
And I will see you back here in one second.
Don't overwrite the existing things in your env.
Just just add the new ones in.
See you in a second.
And hopefully you've followed all the rules.
You save the env file.
You didn't let that white blob stay there.
You were careful with the names of your keys.
You spelt your AWS region correctly with the right hyphens and everything else.
Otherwise there'll be trouble.
Uh.
So now we will do what we always start these things by doing, which is beginning with setting up the
IAM permissions.
Most Amazon projects start with IAM.
So we're going to begin by logging in as root, which requires us to go to the AWS console as before
and sign in as our root user.
So press the uh let me resize that screen and press the sign into console button.
And I've already signed in as the root user.
And the way I know is it has my name there.
It doesn't say AI engineer, it says editor.
And that is why we're in the right place for setting up permissions.
So begin by going to IAM and open up your IAM resources.
And then go to User Groups.
And I want you to press, create Group and create a new group that you're going to call Twin Access
I've already set up.
So it's here when you press that you hopefully you remember that there's two parts to it.
You first assign it to a user, and you should check the box by AI engineer so that this user group
applies to AI engineer.
And then in the next box down, you get to set the permissions.
And you should set a bunch of permissions.
And I've got the permissions listed down here.
And you will have to add these permissions in.
And they are listed in the guide.
And you remember you type in the search box each one.
And then you check the box.
And it's a bit janky because you feel like you should press an okay button.
But no, you just type out something else to search for and check that box, and you do it for each
of them.
You'll see in the list API Gateway Administrator.
So we can use the API gateway, S3 Full Access Lambda full access.
Actually there are two CloudFront ones, and I don't think it matters, but I put them both in CloudFront
and CloudFront access to.
I think the instructions only send the first one.
I don't think it matters, but you might as well put both in and then I'll read only access as well.
You need that one too.
So all of these permissions again, you'll see that I've gone with the full access for these.
The real best practice with Amazon is to limit this to the precise permissions that you need for your
IAM user, but that's probably like a super advanced.
Like if you're if you're actually setting up a real corporate project and it's a headache.
And since we're doing this as part of learning, I don't want to get bogged down in that as long as
you get the idea, we're at least restricting what our IAM user can do to these things.
And then when you create that user group, it will automatically be connected with the AI engineer user.
And you can come back in by going to user groups and click on Twin Access and double check that it comes
up just like mine here with the user.
And with all of the permissions listed out just as they are here.
And then congratulations, you've given your IAM user AI engineer the powers that it needs.