Okay, so you promised me you set those four environment variables open API key cause origins to star
use S3 underscore capital true lowercase t, or like that S3 bucket twin dash memory.
And we are going to come back and change that later, uh, as you will see.
All right.
Next step is to increase the timeout.
So configuration general configuration edit and set the timeout to 30s.
Now I can't do this while you watch because I do believe that going there is going to show my environment
variables.
You'd see my OpenAI API key which is a top secret.
So I'll have to trust you to do that yourself.
Uh, but what we will do together is the next section in just a second.
So be ready to go.
We are going to, uh, create a new test event from the test tab, and we are going to run this JSON.
So I'm going to copy this in.
And then I'm going to go and set my timeout as it's instructed.
And see you in a second.
Oh no I'm totally wrong.
You can go to configuration and doesn't show my secrets yet.
I'd have to click on environment variables for that.
So configuration general configuration.
You can see the default is a three second timeout which is mean and which is not enough for an LLM to
respond.
So this would cause it to fail.
So you need to know to come in and change that timeout to be 30s.
If you forget to do that, then it will fail with obscure errors and it will be so hard to know what's
going wrong.
All right.
And now we go over to test.
We're going to to create a new event.
And the event name will be like I don't know, like health check.
I've already created a couple of these.
So I'm going to make it like health Check three.
But you can just call it health Check.
And we're going to to paste in some JSON, which is it tells AWS how to to do this test what we need
it to do.
But basically the bottom line is we're going to call health, which is one of the routes that our fast
API server runs.
Uh, and so we've done that.
And I'm going to to save this so that we've saved it.
That test event was successfully saved.
And now I'm going to press test.
So what's this going to do.
It's going to take this this JSON.
And it's going to to apply that to AWS.
And what that will do is it will launch our Lambda function.
It will start a fast API server.
It will hit this route slash health, it will get back the response and then and then shut down that
lambda function.
All of that's going to happen when I press the test button.
Executing function started zero seconds ago succeeded details and it said status healthy.
Uh, that's and it also tells us what, uh, what model it's using.
But that's, that's from uh, coming in the in the future you can ignore that until later when we get
on to that.
Um, but uh, the, um, the point is, this works.
It might seem like an awful lot of effort just to make something say it's healthy.
Uh, it has been a little bit of effort, but, uh, but things are looking good.
We're in fine shape.
If you haven't got a healthy signal, then I'm sorry.
Uh, ask an alum.
Stop asking.
Cursor.
Do some digging.
in, debugging, tracking these things down.
That is where the hardest learning happens, where the real learning happens.
As you go through the pain of solving these problems, you'll get better and better.
So, uh, yes, stay patient.
That's the most important thing.
All right, on with the instructions.
We're now moving on to our next Amazon service.
And it's going to be our S3 buckets.
Now there's something tiresome about S3 buckets, which I guess is probably an advantage in the grand
scheme of things.
It's that bucket names the name that you give to each of your buckets.
They are they are global.
They are something which, uh, at least, uh, yeah.
Which, uh, anyone can access that bucket.
It's not like it's, it's namespaced to your account ID or something like that.
So you can't we can't just call these buckets like twin memory, because otherwise, when I've made
twin memory, you wouldn't be able to.
It would tell you that bucket already exists.
So you have to make these things and add on some random ending to it, which is going to be different
so that everyone has a different one.
Otherwise it's going to error.
And once we've done that, we're gonna have to go back and update the environment variable to tell our
lambda function where our memory is.
What a what a palaver.
Uh, now, a typical common trick is to use as the random suffix your account ID, because chances are
no one else is going to have called something twin memory and then your AWS account ID.
But if you do that, and it turns out somebody has for some reason, uh, then you'll have to come up
with some other random suffix.
So, uh, but but start with your account ID so we're going to go to S3, we're going to create a bucket
and we're going to call it twin dash dash and then some suffix.
We're going to make absolutely sure that it's in the same region as our lambda function as everything
else.
So here we go.
We're back in the console.
You can always see your region up here by going here to check that we're in US East one for me.
And now I'm going to look at S3.
I type S3 here scalable storage in the cloud.
And here it is I've got a bunch of of of buckets.
Oh, I meant to delete that one.
Let's leave that one there for now.
And, uh, going to create a new bucket.
Here we go.
Create bucket.
General purpose bucket is what we want.
Bucket name.
So this is where we need to call it twin dash API.
Sorry.
Twin dash dash.
And then give it the name of your account ID which you can quickly access by clicking here.
Pressing copy there isn't that convenient.
And paste it in there.
We're probably not the first people to want the account ID in our bucket name.
Uh, and then everything else should be fine.
Everything is good.
And then create bucket.
That's all there is to it.
We are now the proud owners of twin Dash.
And then our account ID.
Very good.
Back we go.
Next we're going to go to the environment variables and update that S3 bucket environment variable.
It used to be called just Twin Memory, and you now need to call it the final name you just came up
with.
Twin memory.
Account ID or whatever.
So I'm going to do that because that would definitely show my environment variables and see you back
here in a second.
Now this next step is the kind of thing that infuriates people about AWS and how pernickety it is about
the, the, the IAM about access.
We have to make sure that our lambda function, our lambda function has permission to use S3.
Now, that might sound completely screwy to you.
It might be like what permissions are for humans, but no lambda functions themselves are in there with
a role and they have to have permission to access S3.
So we're going to have to go to our Lambda function and configure it so that when it's executing, that's
a special role it has when it's running that needs to have permission to access Amazon S3 full access.
So let's do that.
We go back to our uh we're looking in Lambda right now I've gone to Lambda and we're looking at twin
API configuration permissions over here.
And now you have to know to click on this execution role.
That is the thing that is the role of what it will have when it is executing.
I realize this sounds crazy complicated.
Don't worry that we're being told we can't see some things.
What we can see is what matters.
That we can add permissions over here on the right.
Add permissions.
Attach policies.
This stuff is some voodoo.
This is.
This is what I mean by biology.
There's so much to learn and remember.
But now we have to do this.
Amazon S3 full access.
We tick here add permission policy was successfully attached to the role.
You can see it there.
And by the magic of AWS we have just given our Lambda function the permission when it's running when
it's executing to use S3.
Uh, but uh, it's complicated.
So that's the next step.
Complete.