Okay.
So for this next step, first go back here again to the gateway.
And just copy this URL here.
Copy that into your clipboard.
This is the endpoint for the Twitter API gateway.
All right you've done that.
Then go back to the instructions.
So we're going to update the front end code in components twin TSX.
You remember I showed you this line of code that was the actual line that's actually calling the back
end.
We're going to change that.
So instead of calling localhost 8000 it's going to it's going to actually call the real the real web
service itself the API.
So let's go in and do that right now.
So this is in the front end code.
It's in other components twin TSX.
And now we're going to look in TSX for that fetch.
It's right here near the top.
And we're going to replace all of that with the actual endpoint itself.
Uh I managed to add an extra empty line there, but that looks better to me.
There we go.
You see that?
This URL right here is where we want to be posting slash chat.
So that's looking good to me.
Back to the instructions we've updated to TSX.
Okay, we now need to change next config so that static exports are allowed so that we can generate
a static dump of the whole website.
So next config.
Let's find that.
Here it is.
Change it with this new you can see it's got no config.
It's empty.
We're going to paste in and export config.
There it is.
Done.
Okay back to the instructions.
Next up it's time to build a static export.
So we do that by bringing up a terminal by going to the front end.
Uh, which is I think this one right here.
Here it is.
And now we're going to do, uh, the, uh.
Sorry.
We don't need to do that.
We need to, um, do npm run build.
And off it goes building, and it's going to build an optimized production build.
It's going to create an out directory there.
You see the out directory has been created and it has all of the files in it, the static files for
our whole website.
So if you open this up you can see in here there's a whole bunch of files that are HTML, JavaScript,
CSS for our website that's been derived from the TypeScript from the Next.js app that we wrote in this
more modern code.
And this is all traditional that will work on on any browser.
And there is an index.html and a 440.
And that might jog your memory because we set that up when we were configuring our front end.
Okay.
So this has been completed and now it's time to upload this to S3.
So, uh, what we what we do here, we're in the front end directory.
This AWS command will work because in the previous week we did AWS configure that set up AWS for us.
So we are now going to upload our front end to our static site.
And you do that with this command AWS S3 sync out slash the output directory.
And then we're going to have our front end bucket name.
So we do S3 colon slash slash.
And we now have to give it our bucket name.
Now do you remember what the bucket name was.
It was twin dash front end dash.
And now you put in your entire, uh, ID and then you finish this off and then we will press enter.
So we put in the ID and then a slash at the end.
Dash dash delete means delete.
If it's a it can be removed when not in the build.
And then press enter.
And it's done.
It just uploaded the static site to our S3 bucket.
Okay, it's time to test it.
Uh, so first of all, uh, we, uh, we need to, uh, go to the S3 bucket and then properties and
static website hosting.
Let's go and give this a try.
We go here to the S3 bucket.
We find our front end bucket.
There it is.
Properties.
We go down to static hosting which is near the bottom.
And we're going to look for this URL right here.
And let's launch it in a separate browser.
This is going to work.
Look at that.
Look at that.
It comes up.
We've got ourselves a static site.
Hi there.
What happens now?
Drumroll.
Something's happening.
Somewhere machinery is in action.
A long pause and there we go.
Hi, Ed.
Great to see you.
What's on your mind today?
There we go.
We have a front end and a back end, that's all working together.
The front end is being accessed by a browser and the back end is coming through.
And we should check that the, uh, that maybe we'll check the memory works later when all of the pieces
are together.
Because there's something missing here.
We're connecting directly to an S3 bucket.
And that wasn't the architecture.
The idea is we want to put this under CloudFront distribution so that we're connecting through CloudFront.
So we've tested that this works by accessing directly the web pages.
What we now want to do is see if we can get it to run through CloudFront okay.
So what we're going to do is first get the endpoint that we just got.
Now the static website endpoint that we just tested.
We will copy that.
And we are then going to go and create a CloudFront distribution called Twin Distribution.
So let's go ahead and get get this show on the road.
So back over here we need to start by going to.
This is where we're currently on the twin front end bucket.
We need to copy this endpoint.
Copied done.
All right.
Now we're going to go and look for CloudFront.
Here is CloudFront the global content delivery network.
And we are going to create a CloudFront distribution distribution name.
We're calling it twin distribution.
I think let me just check uh twin distribution.
And then next okay twin distribution.
And then next.
Okay.
Now this is something to watch out for because of the way we're doing this.
It's a it's a special kind.
It's an S3 static hosted site.
We have to press other, not S3.
Just one of those things to know.
And then I believe we're going to fill in the the origin field is choose a paste your S3 endpoint without
the HTTP like that in the origin domain name.
So let's go and do this origin domain name.
Custom origin like this, but without the HTTP like that, that's what it has to look like.
And now there's something super important we have to make sure that it is HTTP only have to go in here
to customize origin settings and choose HTTP only.
Otherwise this won't work.
So you need to do that and see if we need to do anything else here.
Um, let me just see.
So uh critical HTTP only.
And then um origin name.
Or you can leave that auto generated and then it looks fine.
Okay.
I think everything else should be default.
Let's have a look.
Let's go back over here and just just take an eye on this.
All looks good.
Next.
Uh, yes.
So this prompts you to enable web application firewall, which is something that could protect you against
things like, uh, DDoS attacks.
Now, this is basically an Amazon upsell.
You don't need to do that.
Not in our case.
Unless your company wants to pay for these extra security protections.
The very fact that it forces you to say no gives you a little clue.
It's a bit like when you're buying a flight and the airline wants you to say, no, I do not need your
extra insurance.
Uh, so we do that, we check out all of this.
Everything looks fine.
Connection timeout of 10s is fine.
We just need to, uh, hopefully that it's set to be HTTP only.
And then we say create distribution.
And now it is going and creating our CloudFront distribution.
And over here it says deploying.
And that is our sign that deployment is in process.
And this are in progress.
And this is something which actually takes like 5 to 10 minutes to deploy a CloudFront distribution.
And that's because it's been pushed out all over the world.
So we have to to accept the fact that it takes a few minutes, because it's not an easy thing for it
to do at all.
Uh, so yes, wait 5 to 15 minutes.
It says here, but it's never taken more than ten minutes for me.
But but you never know.
And when it's done, it's going to change from deploy to enabled.
And that is when we're in good shape.