I was going to say, are you excited?
But you're probably not excited.
You're probably exhausted.
So we're almost there.
We're almost, almost at the bitter end.
Uh, we have to update these cores settings.
Here's the thing.
We now have our final front end.
We've built and deployed the thing we're about to test our real distribution, our CloudFront distribution
that's happening while we speak.
It's in the middle of deploying.
The final thing we have to do is we have to tell our backend, this is where you should expect to receive
requests from.
And that's called the Cors origin.
That's telling the backend what is an acceptable place.
That could be the origin of this HTTP request.
Um, and we've got this Cors origins, which is currently a star in our backend Lambda function.
And that's not good.
That means that anyone could come in and start using our API wherever they're from.
So we need to restrict it.
So what we do is we're going to go to the CloudFront, which is probably still busy doing its thing,
or it may have finished for you.
But this is then if it's, uh, for me, uh, let me see whether it's, uh, it's actually a diploid.
It has, it has successfully deployed now for me.
So this is the distribution right here.
I'm going to copy that.
And now I have to go back to my lambda function.
Here it is I have to go to to twin API right here.
Uh which, which uh where I had accidentally previously uploaded uh, the wrong zip package and more,
more up to date zip package with later days.
Uh, with the bedrock thing, which I've now put back to being the proper zip package for anyone that
saw what happened there.
Uh, but it's now got the right zip in it.
Everything is good for us.
I'm going to go to configuration.
I'm not going to click on that because you'll see my API keys.
You need to go in there.
You need to click on environment variables and update that cause environment variable so that it contains
that URL that it's allowed to access.
So I'll let you go and do that now and then.
Everything should be ready to test.
So hopefully you added that cause variable and be sure to include the Https on the front of it.
It needs to be the full URL for this to work or you'll get horrible cause errors.
So look, this I feel is another of these moments of truth.
And I know I say that expression a lot, but I feel like as they go, this is perhaps the trickiest
of the moments of truth that we have had so far.
An exciting moment for us.
We start by going to the CloudFront, uh, page, uh, CloudFront service to look at our CloudFront
distribution.
There it is.
We look at the URL right here.
This is where our website is running on the internet.
Open a new tab and I go in and we are now going to be talking to our digital twin on the internet.
Hi there.
And let's see what it has to say.
Hello.
Glad you stopped by.
What's on your mind today?
Um, my name's Alex.
See if it can.
Can.
Remember that.
Nice to meet you, Alex.
What brings you to my site?
What's my name?
You just told me it's Alex.
Got it locked in.
What can I do for you, Alex?
I love it.
I think this digital twin could take over from me any day.
Uh.
All right, let's say, uh.
Do you like cheese?
See what it has to say.
Ah, the cheese question.
I can't stand most cheese.
No allergy.
Just don't like the taste.
It's horrible.
It's off milk.
Uh, so the digital twin obviously does know all about me, which is great.
Uh, it's working wonderfully.
It's live.
It's on the internet.
It's on this URL.
It's it's because it's CloudFront distribution.
This is all over the world.
It will go instantly.
And whenever you ask a question that is calling a back end API that hits Amazon API gateway that then
forwarded on to Lambda, it starts up our server if there isn't already a hot lambda waiting for us.
And then that calls into our code and it all just works.
And one more thing for us to see is to come in here and type S3.
Let's go into S3 and let's find ourselves the memory bucket.
Remember two S3 buckets.
One of them has our front end site, our static site, one of them we're using for memory.
We go in here and lo and behold, there's a JSON object in here waiting for us.
Let's go and have a look at this JSON object.
Okay, it's a JSON object.
Let's press this open right here and check this out.
Here is the question.
Uh ah, the cheese question.
Actually, I can't stand most cheeses, no allergies, blah blah blah.
You can see the JSON form of the conversation that we just had sitting there on S3.
This is working.
Our architecture is live.
Congratulations for pulling off your your first enterprise strength AWS Deployment.
Well, I promised you a big day, and I think I delivered.
A lot got done.
We got a production app deployed to AWS through CloudFront distribution around the world.
And congratulations on getting there.
If you're feeling a bit frazzled, don't worry about it.
That is normal.
That is AWS frazzle.
We got through a lot.
It's gonna sink in.
We're gonna we're gonna go through it again.
You're going to get to a point where it becomes second nature, and in the meantime, go with it, get
the intuition and and keep on going.
We've got still lots to do.
Uh, but on that topic, this is a moment to say you are now 35% of the way through building your expertise
to be, uh, brilliant at deploying AI apps to production 35% of the way through.
Massive.
Congratulations.
This is a big moment.
This is definitely the hardest core so far.
Uh, and tomorrow we're going to move to to looking at the AI side of it again, thank goodness.
We're going to be talking about Amazon bedrock and using bedrock to call Llms.
I can't wait and I'll see you then.