And welcome back.
Welcome to production deployment of Gen AI and AI.
Week two day three.
And it's a purple day, which means one thing.
It means it's AI time.
This is about Amazon bedrock today.
It's when we get back to talking about what it means to deploy AI applications, and we're going to
get almost immediately to the lab.
But first, just a quick recap of the deployment architecture that we did last, uh, last session yesterday.
Uh, if this didn't cause your mind to to to spin like crazy, we started by deploying a Lambda function.
Remember, we wrote a script called deploy.py that packaged up our back end code into a zip file.
And then we went into Lambda.
We created a lambda function.
We uploaded the zip file.
I uploaded the wrong one the first time, but we uploaded the right.
You uploaded the right zip file.
Well done.
Uh, and you got that code.
You set some environment variables, including the all important cause variable.
They had to come back to you later.
And that was the lambda function up there.
We then set up an S3 bucket.
An S3 bucket.
We had to call it like twin memory and then your account ID, because these things had to be unique
across across everyone.
We set that up, and then we went back into the Lambda function and updated the course variable.
Sorry, not the course.
We then updated the S3 variable, the memory variable so that it would point to that S3 bucket.
Uh, and then uh we configured an API gateway.
Remember doing that.
We set up a gateway.
Uh, we get integrated it with that lambda function.
And we set up the routes, including the slash chat route, which was the post route to be able so that
that, uh, the front end would be able to call into that API.
And then we, uh, created a static website.
We did that by, by calling npm run build and creating a static website.
In out.
And we set up an S3 bucket.
And then we ran a script to upload that out directory to upload it into our front end static site,
and then we tested it then and there and made sure that it worked.
And it did.
And that was surprising and amazing.
Uh, and then we set up a CloudFront distribution.
This takes that static site and makes it available to the world in a CloudFront distribution.
And then we tested it by by getting a front end.
And we made sure that the front end could hit CloudFront the distribution and it would get served up
the page.
And then we made sure that we updated the Cors variable in lambda so that it knew to expect that that
CloudFront distribution page, so that then when we made the API call, it all just worked.
Uh, and uh, yeah, it felt like quite a palaver.
And you compare that to what it was like building an application in Clark.
Uh, and you can be forgiven.
Sorry, not Clark in vercel.
Uh, and you can be forgiven for saying, uh oh.
Maybe.
Maybe I should just stick with vercel.
Uh, and, uh, I hear you.
Vercel is amazing.
And similar products like that pass products platform as a service.
But there comes a point as you as you get through various stages of maturity with your app, that you're
ready for the big AWS deployment.
And that's what we've done successfully.
This is industrial strength.
And then there's a but wait, but wait, we want to add in AI.
And that means that rather than just writing lambda code that calls OpenAI, we want to take advantage
of AWS bedrock.
And that is what we're going to do today.
And with that intro, it's time for our lab.
So here we are in cursor again.
And we're in the twin project that you created just a couple of days ago.
Here it is.
Uh, and it has a week two folder.
And that week two folder we copied across from the production repo.
And it has days of the week.
And we will start with day three right here.
And the introduction will tell you that today is all about bedrock.
Uh, bedrock, um, mostly is like a wrapper around calling LMS that Amazon will take care of for you
and handle the the credentials and the like.
There's a lot more that's being added on to bedrock, including its agent platform.
So bedrock is a bit of a catchall for a whole suite of AI product within Amazon.
There's there's two there's there's bedrock and there's SageMaker, which we'll look at next week.
Um, but uh, yeah, for now we're going to be using the LM parts of bedrock, and we're going to be
using Amazon's Nova models.
So their own models through bedrock you can access a huge range of models as we'll see.
But we might as well stick all Amazon.
So we will go with Amazon's Nova and give Nova a whirl.
There are three sizes micro Lite and Pro, and even Pro is pretty cheap.
Pro at the moment is slightly cheaper than the Claude Haiku bottle, the cheap version of Anthropic's
models, and that is the most expensive of Amazon's.
And the Nova micro is really, really cheap, uh, as I will show you.
So we'll be looking at all of those.
But before we do any of that, Of course it is.
IAM permissions time are Yourn always have to begin with permissions.
So we're going to sign in as the root user as we always do.
Uh and we're going to find our user group twin Access and add two permissions Amazon Bedrock Full Access
and CloudWatch Full Access access to logs.
I teased the fact that we're going to look at that I think a couple of days ago, and we didn't, but
we will today.
We'll look at the logs and we'll attach those policies.
Let's go and do that right now.
Here we are.
This is AWS console.
I'm signed in as my root user up there you can see.
And we'll go straight to IAM by clicking in.
Recently visited IAM and over to user groups and to Twin Access.
And we click on the permissions tab.
This is where we can set more permissions for this one.
And I've actually already got CloudWatch full access on here.
I think before I incorrectly thought that it was a CloudFront one two.
But no, this is this is CloudWatch.
So I'm going to add permissions attach policies.
So now do um if I type bedrock in here Amazon Bedrock full Access I tick that one and you will want
to type uh CloudWatch uh to get uh Amazon CloudWatch.
Um let's see what which one did we want to have here Amazon CloudWatch.
Full access full.
It's just CloudWatch full access.
And tick that to and then click Attach Policies and back.
We come here we should see CloudWatch Full Access I now have CloudWatch Full access and CloudWatch full
access to uh along with the Amazon Bedrock Full Access.
We have permissions for all of these, which is what we're after.
So we now have to request to be given permission to access the specific models in bedrock that we want
to be able to use.
And to do so we need to go in as our IAM user.
So let's do that now.
Uh, back to the console.
Uh, I'm look at that.
Isn't that great?
Uh, back to the console.
AWS Amazon.com, here we are.
And sign into console.
And I'm already logged in.
You might have to log in, but double check.
Look up there.
Does it say engineer?
It does.
Okay.
Now type bedrock up here Amazon bedrock.
Welcome to our first big AI side of Amazon.
Uh lots of stuff to do.
Look at all these AI menus.
Uh, the specific thing that we want to do is model access down here, click there.
Um, and this shows you all the different models that you could access through bedrock.
Lots of stuff.
Plenty of open source models, uh, and Claude and, and, uh, the that here are the nova ones that
we want to access.
And there's a bunch of others and you can read all about them by by by clicking on their links.
The, um, you may notice so one of the models that is offered through AWS is the famous OS model from
open AI, the open source OpenAI model.
You can't reach the the OpenAI frontier model through AWS.
Uh, they have their Microsoft has its partnership with OpenAI.
AWS is partnership is with anthropic.
So that's that's the models you get here.
But you can use the open source models, but they're not available on on US East one.
They're available on US West two.
Uh, they're only available on on that right now.
Maybe by now they'll be everywhere.
And we will use that later.
But it's a bit more work to be able to span across these different regions.
So we're going to stick now with the Nova models, which I believe are available in all regions.
So, um, I have already been given access granted because I already requested it.
You may not have done, uh, in which case the first thing you need to do is request access, which
you do by pressing this Modify Model access button right here.
And when you get these Nova models, you should be able to check those three boxes, which I can't because
I've already been given access.
And then you scroll all the way down to the bottom and you press next.
And then it's presumably going to say, yeah, nothing is made.
And you can then submit requests to access those models.
And because they are Amazon's models, that request is normally granted instantaneously.
For me it was when the page refreshed I had access.
I don't know, it might take more time for you.
You might need to go and get a coffee.
Uh, but I think when you're requesting Claude's models, it takes a bit.
But not with.
Not with this.
If you were interested in trying out some of the, uh, anthropic models to, then you could request
access for them, because that will take a bit longer.
Um, again, just the order of minutes, but we won't use them this week.
Okay.
And so once you've done that, uh, you've clicked submit, uh, and you've refreshed the page.
Uh, maybe wait a minute or two if you need to.
You should see access granted against those three Nova models.
And congrats.