Okay.
And next I just want to mention model pricing costs are always important.
The Nova models are very cheap.
Uh, and there isn't like an upfront payment or anything that people complain about with open AI.
But, uh, by contrast, there is this idea that it just gets billed to your Amazon account.
And so I got to tell you, I would prefer myself at like a pay as you go model, but that's not the
way it works with the big cloud platforms.
So, uh, for the latest pricing, there is this link here that will take you to the Amazon bedrock
pricing.
And you can look through here to see the different details.
You scroll down.
They've got these different links for each of the different types of models.
Click on Amazon and we get to see the Amazon prices.
Now this price is per 1000 input tokens.
And some other sites you get per million input tokens.
So it's worth keeping that in mind, which is one reason why they look so very small.
But it is per 1000 not per million.
So this is the input token cost.
This is the output token cost.
But nonetheless, if you look at these you'll see that they really are very small.
If you think that maybe a thousand input tokens, which is about 750 words, think that that could be
one conversation, uh, including the input and the output, perhaps then you can see that if you're
using Micro One, conversation is not it's not on the radar, you know, like it's not even not even
touching it.
And in fact, even Amazon Pro like Nova Pro, you're still one conversation adding up that number and
the output tokens, which wouldn't be that much anyway.
It would be less than that.
But you're still under you're like, uh, 3/10 of a cent.
Uh, so you'd need to have three pretty hearty conversations to be able to spend a cent if you were
using Nova Pro.
And I'm going to suggest we default to using Micro and Lite, but I'm probably going to use Pro myself
because why not?
This is this is honestly so cheap compared to, uh, almost, almost anything else.
So it's, uh, it's very good value.
But always keep an eye on the prices in case they change.
And in theory they could be different in different regions.
So make sure you select the right region.
That is about model pricing through bedrock.
So keep an eye on those tables.
And now it's time for us to use bedrock in our code.
And that is going to be an exciting step for us okay.
Time to change our code to work with bedrock.
So, uh, first up we are going to make a change to requirements.txt.
Uh, so we're changing our requirements.txt, but actually we don't have any new packages to add as
part of this.
So why are we changing requirements.txt?
Well, it's because we have a package to remove.
We are going to remove OpenAI.
There we go.
It's gone.
Save.
We're no longer going to be using the OpenAI Python client library.
So we should take it out.
Good coding practice to not include packages that we don't need Okay, back to day three.
So now we have to update backend server.py to use bedrock.
So plenty of code here.
And nice and chunky server.py uh module.
Let me copy all of this code across.
I'm sure you're grateful I'm not typing this.
That would take a long time, but I will explain it.
Of course.
Save.
Okay, so what's changed a lot is the same.
The the, uh, start with the core stuff is exactly the same.
Here is something new.
We're creating a bedrock client using the Boto3 Amazon library.
Boto3 client.
We used that before to get the S3 client.
Here we are.
We pass in the bedrock runtime, and we use the default AWS region that should be set in.
Your EMV bedrock model is where we choose which model to use.
And now, especially since we're in, uh, non-production environments at the moment, you can choose
to change the bedrock model ID to something like micro with a super, super cheap one if you wish,
and we will be setting this.
You could set this in your EMV or you can change the default right there.
Um, but this this is the, uh, the, the model that we will use.
And then everything else here is the same.
The same loading the conversation either locally or from S3.
And now we have this call bedrock function, which calls bedrock with a conversation history.
And you can see there's a little bit of janky stuff here.
There's a way you have to do it to call bedrock, uh, for a user message.
We're used to having OpenAI format role user content and then the user message.
But in fact, this is the way that you send in system messages is like this role user content and then
text system colon and then the prompt and role, uh, and then then either user or assistant content
and then the message content.
So that's this is the format to use.
This is how we translate from the structure we're used to into the format that bedrock expects.
And what comes back is not a pedantic object, it's just a JSON dictionary.
So we take just a Python dictionary.
So we take output message content, the first element text.
And that gives us the text.
So this is just something to to.
You could copy and paste this anytime that you need to use bedrock or just use this whole function as
is called bedrock as it is as your way to call bedrock.
And then there's some exception handling there.
Okay.
And uh, this is these are all the same.
This is the new health, uh, root I've added in here.
Bedrock model with the bedrock model ID that's being used.
And, and the people that are on the ball, uh, will remember this because this is what appeared in
my health, uh, check before, which, uh, yeah, I sort of like I palm that off as, oh, that's
something for the future.
It didn't occur to me at that time.
And the reason I saw that in Lambda before is because I uploaded the wrong zip file.
I'd uploaded the zip file after making this change, which I of course fixed soon afterwards when I
realized it.
But if you caught that, then then well done.
Uh, so, uh, rare mistake by me.
Uh, the, um, I make 100 mistakes.
I just rerecord the chat.
The chat thing here, uh, is what we're used to.
This is the big post chat.
Uh, and this is where we do basically exactly the same.
But there's this call bedrock in here using our core bedrock function to make the call to bedrock.
And that's honestly, that is it.
Those are the end of the changes.
We are now ready to use bedrock.
Okay.
And it's time for us to now make the changes to Lambda to be ready for this.
And the first thing is we might as well use the bedrock model ID uh, environment variable to choose
which model we're going to use.
So first of all pick one of these models.
uh, pick either Micro Lite or Pro as the one that you would like to use for our testing purposes.
You could start with micro.
I'm going to use light for testing purposes, so then copy that model name.
This is the official bedrock model ID that you can get from the bedrock screen.
Um okay.
And now we're looking to set an environment variable called bedrock model ID.
Uh, and uh so we go back to our Lambda function functions, twin API.
I'll just go back into Lambda.
And then within Lambda we go to functions and then go to twin API.
Here we have it.
You go to configuration and then environment variables.
And you might think oh no but I'm going to reveal my OpenAI API key.
But no, I went in and I deleted that first because I was on to you.
Uh, so you could do the same.
You can delete your OpenAI API key because we don't need it anymore.
Um, and instead we are now going to edit these and we're going to add an environment variable.
It's called Bedrock model ID.
And here we will paste in this value we'll use Nova Light.
We'll save that.
And that save has been made.
That is now an environment variable associated with our lambda.
Um and check that you're happy with all of the others are right for your environment.
And now we are going to, uh, make sure remember this, this nonsense.
We we need to make sure that our lambda function is allowed to call bedrock, because these lambda functions
have permissions of their own.
So we're going to have to go to our lambda function configuration permissions.
Uh, do this business where we open the execution role name which is the the role that it executes under
and then add permissions, attach policies and give it access to bedrock.
So if you followed all that we're going to go here to configuration.