Next up, it's time to build our Lambda package and upload it all of our new code so that the bedrock
code so that it's ready to run in our Lambda function.
And this is actually quite easy.
It's a repeat of what we did before.
Bring up a new terminal.
We go to the backend directory and now we just we don't really need to do this, but we could do a UV,
add requirements.txt to make sure we've got the up to date code and then UV run deploy.py, which is
our uh, our script for deploying and off it goes.
And this is now building a directory Lambda package, which contains a bunch of files that are being
built by installing them in actually in a Docker container to do that.
So it's, it's a super reliable way of doing it.
And then when it did that, it zipped it all up to Lambda deployment zip.
And that includes all of these files here.
It includes our data directory and it includes the relevant Python packages.
They're all together in that zip file.
You can look at the contents by going into Lambda package.
And that's, uh, ready now for us to upload to Lambda.
So the instructions here are for uploading via S3, which is the safer way for slower connections.
But we're going to be be brave and try and do it this way through the UI.
So I'm going to go into Lambda.
I'm going to find the twin API and then going to go into code.
We're already in code upload from a zip file.
And you see the zip file that I'm now going to select is the one that I selected the first time, uh,
by mistake.
So, so uh, it's already had this in it, but this is the right directory now.
So I go into back end, I pick lambda deployment, I say open and save.
And it's now uploading this new zip file that includes the bedrock code.
And that is what we're going to have uploaded to our server.
So we'll give it a second.
While it does that, let's go back to the instructions.
And these instructions guide you through the the way to do it if if your connection is too slow.
Um, with uh, Mac and PC instructions.
Um, and you can also run this, this code here instead if you've got a fast connection as well.
Okay.
So it's now time to test it again.
If it's run successfully and we can use the same health check as before.
And, uh, this time you should see, like me, it has completed.
You see, this green successfully updated the function.
So we now go to test.
We see that health check three, which for you should just be health check should be there.
And when I run this test I press the test button executing function.
Hopefully it has permissions to do everything.
It's successful.
Open this up.
It's healthy and it says bedrock model and hopefully yours says Bedrock Model two.
This time mine did last time as well because I uploaded the wrong step.
But uh, now everything is good.
We're at the same point and we both get the bedrock model right here.
Amazon Nova Light is the one I picked.
You might have picked micro, but either way that that is the one that will be used when we run our
twin.
Excellent.
So far so good.
So it's now time to test our twin.
And there's.
You can test it with curl to go straight to the API gateway should you wish.
But I think we're just going to jump straight to testing the twin through CloudFront.
So you probably have your CloudFront distribution saved somewhere.
Oh of course.
I've just got it already open over here haven't I?
There it is.
That is our CloudFront distribution in a new page.
And let's say hi there.
And this is the first time it's sir.
And I noticed that Nova is quite wordy.
So there's quite a lot to it.
Uh, lots of stuff there.
So what would you like to talk about today?
Got any questions about my career, my courses on Udemy, or perhaps the tech stack we use at Nebula?
Feel free to ask me anything.
I'm all ears.
Uh, so it's, like, perky.
Like me.
Uh, so, uh, let's say.
Do you like cheese?
Uh.
Let's see.
Ah, the age old question.
I must admit, I'm not a big fan of most cheeses.
Uh, so, uh.
But, hey, everyone has their preference, right?
What about you?
Uh, maybe it's a little bit too much of the sunniness.
Uh, okay, so that is working.
It's going against, uh, it's now going to bedrock, and this is using the Nova models as, as our
LM connection.
And now you might be wondering.
Hang on.
But we didn't we didn't give it an API key anywhere.
We didn't give it a secret key.
When we looked in the secrets, I was sharing my screen with you.
You saw everything.
So how does that work exactly?
How are we using paid models but without a key?
And of course, the answer is because we're doing it through AWS.
We're in the AWS ecosystem.
So it's it's going against our existing AWS account.
It's being billed to us.
And we will see these costs in the custom billing center in AWS when we sign in, uh, as uh, as with
the root permissions.
And if that goes above our thresholds, we'll get a bunch of emails telling us, so, uh, that that
is all it's all built in, baked in to the AWS cloud environment.