But I know you.
You're not the trusting sort.
You want evidence that we're calling Nova?
It's not clear.
Maybe it's still calling OpenAI.
Just in a more chatty kind of way or something.
We need to see what's going on.
And that is a great moment for us to dive into.
CloudWatch, the monitoring side of AWS, which will give us exposure to everything going on.
So from the AWS console we're going to go to CloudWatch.
We're going to go to all metrics.
And we're going to start by looking at some metrics associated with our Lambda function.
So let's do that right now.
Um and there are a bunch of different ways you can get to this actually.
But but let's start with with CloudWatch.
Here is CloudWatch.
And we start by going to all metrics on the left.
And then in all metrics we can see all these different things we can choose from.
We are going to begin by looking for Lambda which is right here.
And within Lambda we can choose uh by resource or by function name.
Let's go by function name.
Let's choose the.
You can see there's a few more functions that we're going to have coming up soon.
Uh, but we are going to try and not get too lost in this and find an API.
And we can see errors, duration, concurrent executions and invocations and throttles.
And this is showing us everything that's gone on on the twin MPI, uh, in the last whatever this is.
And we've got this nice little charts up here that can tell us what's happening, and we can look back
in time, or we can really zoom in on the last hour to see what's been going on.
And this will give you all the visibility into what's happening with your Lambda function.
Okay.
And now to look at the bedrock metrics.
Let's see what's been going on there.
You click up here somewhere and you navigate your way to all so that we can come back to bedrock.
It's kind of confusing, but it shows on this timeline all the metrics that you've checked.
So you get to see everything together.
So we're now coming into bedrock.
I'm going to choose by model ID, and I can choose to say I want to see Nova Lite, the model I chose,
how many invocations, input tokens and output tokens and latency.
And now that information is being superimposed on this diagram along with other things.
So we're looking for, um, these bedrock, uh, events down here.
Um, and uh, let's see if we can find them.
Uh, here we go.
So here's an example right here.
Uh, you can see that bedrock, uh, a bit hard to show you, that sort of green one there is saying
that bedrock was called the latency.
Uh, I presume that's 1000 milliseconds to look like a second to come up with this.
And you can see that the input token count was 4800.
And you can see the output token count was 134 tokens.
Uh, and the invocations was one.
So this shows you how, first of all, there is your proof.
Uh, if you didn't believe me, we did, in fact, call Amazon Nova Lite.
And we did so because CloudWatch tells us so.
And this shows you how you can add different metrics and see them on this timeline that you can then
control up here so that you can see everything laid out together based on what you check down here,
and by navigating around these menus here starting from all.
So that's the way that you put everything together into your metrics and see what's going on in your
AWS world.
So you can also see logs in a convenient way from CloudWatch.
You just on the left here in this sidebar you go to Log groups and then you can pick something that
that we would be interested in, like twin API, which is presumably all that you see.
And then you can look at these different times when it made some log information.
Pick one of them and up it will come.
You may need to click display and uh, expand all rows to see it quite the way I've seen it.
But you'll see in here things like the requests coming in and then how long it took to respond to the
requests and how much that was billed as and memory and memory used, and some other interesting bits
and pieces along the way.
So this is showing us our login.
We haven't put much extensive logging in, but this is where you could go.
And you can also set up dashboards as well, which can be useful in CloudWatch.
You go to dashboards at the top here.
Create a dashboard.
We'll call our dashboard twin dashboard.
Create dashboard.
Here we have it.
And we are now going to have a line on our on our dashboard.
Let's do one from bedrock.
Let's go with model ID and let's put on our line the things that we care about input tokens, output
tokens uh invocations and latency.
Here we go.
We now have a line chart on our dashboard showing this.
Let's also add something with a plus button here.
Let's add lines that are related to Lambda.
So we go into our lambda section.
There it is.
We'll say um by function name, and we'll go with the twin API.
Let's see.
Let's go for, uh, duration invocations and have that as a widget on here.
There we go.
That's when when how long it took and how often it was.
It was called.
Um.
And then let's add one more.
Let's add something about errors but not have it be a line.
Let's have it be a number, a number to show us the number of errors.
Next.
So we pick lambda again which is scroll down.
It's a lot to navigate here.
Uh lambda uh by function name to an API.
Again where are you.
There you are twin API.
And we want to say twin API errors.
So this will be the number of errors.
And there we go a big old zero.
That's what we like to see.
No errors from Lambda.
Um okay.
I think that's probably enough to show you a dashboard.
So this would now be our twin dashboard, and you could build your own dashboard so that you could be
watching out for how often your twin is called and what's going on.
And finally, I do want to show you you can get a lot of this information from the Lambda page itself
to in quite a nice way.
So if I go to Lambda and I then bring up our twin API here, there is a monitor tab right here.
And when you go to that you get a bunch of CloudWatch metrics automatically configured and showing for
you.
You could of course put this on the dashboard that you're creating as well, but it shows you invocations,
duration and so on.
Uh, and you also get down below it your CloudWatch logs that you can access immediately as well, the
most recent and the most expensive.
Um, and then there's some other stuff here.
Uh, but but this, I think, is the quickest way to access your logs and visuals associated with any
one lambda function.
And that is a wrap for week two.
Day three.
We just added Amazon Bedrock to our are AWS deployment, and it just all worked really nicely with just
a couple of changes here and there.
It was also a good way to practice re-uploading your Lambda function, which wasn't that hard, and
everything seemed to be nice, and we were able to use the Nova models to boot, which was good.
And then we were able to use CloudWatch to convince ourselves that we were in fact calling the Amazon
Nova models via bedrock.
So that's a big moment.
Uh, I promise you a lighter day.
And it was a bit lighter.
We made great progress.
Tomorrow is a huge deal.
We are now going to move to using Terraform infrastructure as code to build the entire twin environment.
And it's going to be like, oh, why don't we just start with this?
Uh, but this was important.
It was a rite of passage.
It was something that you had to go through so that you would.
I did it all so that you would appreciate how great Terraform is.
Uh, and so that will be the fare for tomorrow.
Uh, I'm really, really looking forward to showing you what Terraform can do.
Uh, and I will see you then.