Welcome.
Welcome to week two, day four.
I have something really great in store for you today.
I have Terraform.
That is what we'll be working on today and it's going to be terrific.
We are in the, uh, the section after building all of our Amazon infrastructure.
I've taken you through the trauma of setting up all these different resources.
And now I'm going to show you how you can do it all just with some code, super easily.
And you'll hate me for making you go through that.
Uh, but first, before before we go and visit the magic of Terraform, we actually have to have our
final time going through all of the AWS screens, because we need to delete the resources that we've
already created manually.
So let's go.
Go right now to AWS logged in as our IAM user and delete us some resources.
So here I am at the console home.
And a lot of what we're going to do is now in the recently visited.
So we can just click straight here to go to Lambda.
And you should only see twin API right here.
Oh look at that new feature account color.
That actually might be quite useful, and it is a good moment to just note that we are logged in as
AI engineer the IAM user as we should be.
Go into twin API.
Here we are in twin API.
Go to actions at the top and delete function.
It's going to say deleting permanently removes its code.
We'll press delete and it's been successfully deleted.
Uh, now never fear we're going to be creating it again if you're wondering.
But what about my digital twin?
It's going to come back and it's going to be so much easier.
All right.
Next up let's go and look at the let's go back to the home page.
And let's go next for the um let's go to the API gateway.
Next API gateway.
Right here we are going to find the twin API gateway.
Click into here.
And actually we didn't need to click into there.
Sorry.
Go back here I think we click here and press delete.
Uh proceeding with this action will immediately delete all resources.
Can't recover.
It makes you type confirmed to be absolutely sure you know what you're doing.
There we go.
Delete.
Successfully deleted.
It has gone.
Next up we're going to go to S3 and have a look at our S3 buckets.
And we have a couple of them.
We have the front end and memory.
Let's start with memory.
And this is a bit of a pain.
But you have to empty it before you delete it.
So select it and press empty.
And then uh, in order to confirm that you have to type permanently delete.
But as it happens, you can also do a little hack here of copying that copy and paste and then empty.
That's a little pro trick for you.
Uh, and it's now empty.
Uh, and now we want to to go back and then we select it.
It was the memory I emptied right.
Select memory and press delete.
And it says to confirm deletion enter the and you can't type there.
But what you can do is copy here copy paste delete bucket.
And it's gone.
And now do the same.
Of course.
To the front end.
Front end.
Empty.
Permanently.
Delete.
Use this little trick.
Empty and it's gone.
And now go back and select it and press delete and delete.
Front end.
Here we go.
Copy and paste and delete bucket and success.
We've deleted a bunch of resources.
There's one more to go.
And do you remember what the last one is?
What's the last resource we haven't cleared yet?
Yes, it's the CloudFront distribution.
Back we go.
You see, that was that listening thing again.
Uh, the new new feature in Udemy.
Uh.
Uh, okay.
So now we go to CloudFront, uh, and, uh, come here, go into our CloudFront distribution, our twin
distribution, and we want to delete this and to delete it.
So I think we go back here actually again we select there.
Uh, and before you can delete it, you have to disable it.
So we start by pressing disable.
Are you sure you want to disable?
Disable?
Let it do that.
And then we select it again.
Uh, it's not yet been disabled, so we can't delete it yet.
Hang on.
Let's refresh our distributions.
It's in the process of disabling it, so we'll have to wait just a second for this to to complete.
Go back to CloudFront.
It says deploying.
So this again I think disabling it is something that can take 5 to 10 minutes actually.
So I will put you on hold uh, while I deploy that.
And I will see you in five minutes, which will just be one second for you.
It's like you've just time traveled five minutes into my future.
Here I am at no time passed for you.
Uh, so now it has been disabled.
I checked that box.
I pressed the delete button, and that will permanently delete our distribution.
And we have now officially cleaned up our resources.
So it is my great joy to unveil for you Terraform, the product that we'll be using to create environments
going forwards.
Terraform, which was written it's written by by someone called Mitchell Hashimoto.
And he founded, uh with someone else, a company called HashiCorp.
Uh, his name, uh, there must be about 15 years ago or something now.
And they came out with Terraform amongst.
They also wrote vagrant.
Um, and Terraform has been ferociously popular.
Uh, and it's one of those things that that uh, once it's been been around everywhere, you kind of
wonder how anyone survived without Terraform.
Uh, and, and I want to give you a kind of explanation of, of, uh, what makes it so powerful and
then talk you through the terminology so you feel ready for the week ahead of building with Terraform.
And we'll, we'll be doing that, of course, for the rest of the course.
And hopefully you will do for all of your time building production environments.
It's the only way to do it.
So, uh, the idea is it's all about creating infrastructure services by writing code to describe the
configuration of the services.
And it's known as this.
This whole approach is called infrastructure as code IAC.
You see it written as.
And there are many reasons for doing this.
But the three that first come to mind, first of all, this gives you control over your infrastructure.
Your some at least some of the configuration is something that you check in to git.
So you have it versioned, and different versions of your software could go along with different versions
of your infrastructure, so that if you have a new database configuration or something that changes
along with your your product release, then the Terraform scripts that will go along with that release
and be packaged with it, and it can be branched and it can be version controlled and merged and reviewed
and everything else that comes with code, it makes so much sense.
Instead of just having some kind of deployment sheet we used, we used to have those those massive deployment
lists, which would involve you going into things like AWS and clicking around the console.
And you know, if you made a mistake like you left out a hyphen from us East one, then.
Then.
Yeah.
Then all help you.
So, uh, it's, um, it's just such a better way of doing it.
It's also, of course, automated.
We've been clicking around these console screens, and it's been laborious, to say the least.
And it's all something where you press the button and the soda can comes out.
The environment, the new environment comes out of the box.
It goes around and effectively clicks through all the different screens.
It deals with the fact that you have to go back and set the cause variable that came from setting up
this it, setting the S3 bucket name and everything else.
It's just all handled for you and it's repeatable.
You can run it once and then run it again as often as you like, and you should always have exactly
the same environment.
And that also means you can build an environment once for test and then build the same environment for
production, which is of course, a great thing.
Now, uh, Terraform is is one, one version, one type of infrastructure as code.
There are others.
Uh, so AWS itself has a product called CDK, which is built specifically for AWS and it is quite popular.
But I'm I'm teaching I'm going through Terraform here because Terraform is something that's supported
with other providers as well.
So we'll be able to use Terraform for GCP and Azure.
And I would say in in industry generally Terraform is very, very common indeed.
It's a great skill.
It's a it's a good resume fodder to have this as something you can put on your CV and say that you have
experience with Terraform.
Uh, and, and it's just terrific.
So I'm very happy to be talking you through this today.
And rather like front end development, I'm not going to be going deep on Terraform.
I'm going to be leaving that as an exercise for the reader.
For the viewer, I guess, uh, that will will be copying and pasting code again.
Uh, and I'll be giving you some intuitions to it, but asking you to go away, read through it, understand
it in your own time.
But let me give you the terminology, the things that to look out for the constructs, and you might
need to get a piece of paper and pen to write these down.
This is a good, good thing to to keep note of or a notepad on your computer, or however you note things
down.
Take note.
Here are the six bits of terminology that we will be coming across very shortly.
First of all, the word provider a provider in Terraform is like a it's a cloud provider.
It's a vendor.
It's AWS or GCP or Azure.
It's it's it's a like a plugin which configures Terraform to be able to apply itself to that provider.
A variable is like a setting.
It's a parameter that controls your deployment.
It's going to maybe the bedrock model ID would be an example of a variable.
We'll have a bunch of them.
A resource is the fundamental building block of your infrastructure.
Your infrastructure will consist of a number of different resources.
So an S3 bucket would be an example of a resource.
And we'll be setting up several resources in each one you'll see defined in code that's that's and these
three terms provider variable and resource.
These are the most essential terms.
If you remember anything it's these three.
And we use these.
And information about these gets gets checked into git.
And so this this will really describe our environment to Terraform.
And then for three more terms for you to write down uh state.
So the state is uh, terraform understanding of what is the reality right now.
What do you actually have at the moment deployed on your live infrastructure and state are stored in
private, private variables that we do not check in to source control, because that's something that
would would change and is based on you applying Terraform.
Uh, output are the results of a deployment.
So after you do a deployment you have outputs.
And they are things like CloudFront distribution URL that you want to go to.
So so those are the outputs from Terraform and a workspace.
And this is a probably a more pro term.
But we will be using that.
We'll be using workspaces today.
Uh workspaces allow you to have a completely separate, uh, set of state in an isolated way.
I've got, like, a cloud in a box in the icon.
It's like it's a different, isolated box in which you have all of your your state separately.
And this allows you to have a separate world for development and test and production.
Each of them is considered a separate workspace that you could switch between.
And when you switch to it, you're in this completely different world of a different state.
So it gives you that kind of very similar to a namespace that that kind of concept that applies to everything
that you're working with.
And so it allows you to have like one configuration that you'll then be able to apply to different,
different worlds.
So those are the key terms.
And as you'll see the commands that you'll use there's a terraform init Terraform apply.
These are the these are the commands that you use to to set things going.
I think in the last slide I just said terraform init.
But it's terraform init and terraform apply and terraform destroy brings things down.
So these are the commands that are about to be running.
Uh right now let's let's go and do it.
Let's.
Enough talk.
Let's go and work with Terraform.