And here we are back in Casa and we're back in the twin project.
And the great news is that we won't be needing to go to the AWS console, because we're going to be
doing things automatically.
The only time you do still need to go to the AWS console, of course, is IAM setup.
When you're setting up, like going in as root to set up the permissions that you'll be able to give
your IAM that that is still needed, but we won't be doing that right now.
Uh, okay.
So we go to the week two folder.
We're now on day four.
We open the preview to see our instructions for the day, and it starts with stuff about what you'll
learn.
Part one is cleaning manual resources, which we already did.
Uh, hope you did that too.
That's very good.
And then, uh, it does uh, it doesn't suggest it here, but it should suggest that this might also
be a good juncture to go and check your spend, pause for a second, go in as root and just check what
your, your, uh, your cost and billing looks like.
Make sure that it's exactly what you expect.
I imagine all of you are on the free AWS sign up plan, in which case your your cost will be right,
right?
Zero.
But it's always important to check, uh, even if you think it should be zero.
Go and have a look.
Anyways, go do that now and then.
We are back.
Part two is understanding Terraform.
Well, uh, this, uh, as it says here, it's about being a version controlled, automated and repeatable.
And here are some of the key concepts again.
But this is now what to look for in the code.
So this this structure is what Terraform code looks like.
Resources of course are these essential building blocks.
A resource is like an S3 bucket.
So here's an example resource AWS S3 bucket.
And then it's got a name and it's got, it's got uh, then the the attributes of that resource listed
inside curly braces, uh, the state.
So the state is is terraform's understanding of what's actually out there in real life.
And it's stored in a special file called Terraform state.
So TF state files contain Terraform's view of the world.
I mentioned a provider.
The provider is like AWS.
That's a provider.
And you define that with the word provider and then the name and then some parameters in curlies.
And I mentioned variables.
This is where you set uh parameters that control your, your your configuration like this one which
has a name, uh, an environment name.
And the type is a string.
And then I mentioned workspaces that allow you to have completely separate states, say for development,
test and production.
All right.
First things first.
We need to install Terraform.
Uh, and for a mac and a PC, these are the ways to do it.
Uh, on a mac, If you use homebrew, then it's just this and this brew tap HashiCorp.
That is the name of the company.
The the key author, Mitchell Hashimoto.
It's his last name.
Uh.
And, uh.
Yeah.
So then once you've done this, you should be able to.
Let's bring up a new terminal window.
And if you've done the, the, the, the PC way, there's a link here.
Or you can, uh, run.
Sorry, here's the link for a PC and it tells you what to do.
And when we're ready, we need to do terraform minus minus version.
And just check that we have version 1.13.
That's a pretty recent version.
Uh, look at that.
It says version 1.1.
We have 1.13.
All right.
And now it's time for us to set some things in a dot git ignore.
Now I don't think I mentioned a git ignore before because this isn't actually a repo, but it will be
soon.
Soon enough.
And it's good to have a git ignore to make sure that things that shouldn't be sent to git.
Don't get sent to git when it comes to terraform.
You want lots of things about Terraform to go and get, but there's some things that you don't want.
You don't want these terraform state files in git because they relate to the current world out there
on AWS and changes all the time.
Not not appropriate for version control.
Um, there's some lock files you don't want there.
Uh, other private files, um, and TF vars are the variables that could be used to control what's going
on.
And they could have some, some secrets in them.
But there is we want to when you put a bang, an exclamation mark in a dot git ignore it means.
But you should include this in the repo.
Uh terraform.tf vars the general variables.
The default variables.
We do want to include that.
And actually we do want to include prod tf as well as you will see.
Okay.
Uh, while we're at it we might as well set up our dot git ignore to be to be good, which means that
we want to not put into source code, control our zip file and that whole directory lambda package.
We never want environment files in there, actually, with one little exception that will come up against
later.
Uh, and we don't want node modules, which is stuff that's been npm installed and the static outputs,
um, and uh, any of this stuff and obviously a virtual environment.
Uh, actually, uh, I think we'll, we'll, uh, we fix this later.
But you've lock is something that, that you do normally want in source code control.
Anyway, I'm going to copy all of that.
I'm going to go to git ignore paste all of this in and save.
And that is now setting up my git ignore so that we are in good shape.
Okay, it's now time to create our Terraform configuration okay.
So the next step then is to create our Terraform configuration.
So we're going to create a new top level folder in our project called Terraform.
There it is.
We're now underway.
Uh, and, uh, we are going to.
Yes, we do indeed have this directory structure.
We are now going to make our first Terraform file called versions with this.
This is your first look at Terraform code.
Now TF files are the key files which describe your configuration in code.
And you can have as many of these TF files as you want.
Terraform actually internally just brings them all together into one one long list.
Uh, so uh, there's some conventions like it's common to have versions.
It's really up to you.
Uh, it is common to, to split things out.
And today we're going to have one pretty big Terraform file just to keep things simpler.
But it would be more typical to divide it into multiple.
But anyway, for our first file, our first file is called versions.
Here it is versions.
And we're going to paste this in.
Let.
Let me tell you what this does.
It is setting up our providers and their versions.
Here they are.
And save that we're saying that we're using AWS uh, in US East one.
Okay.
Back we go.
That's our first Terraform file.
The next one is defining some variables.
It's going to go into Variables.tf.
Here they are.
Let's select the variables variables.tf in Terraform new file variables and paste.
And let's have a look at this.
This is all sorts of stuff that we're going to have through our configuration.
It's got things like bedrock model ID I told you it was a variable.
Here it is.
And that's the default value right there.
Uh the lambda timeout of 60s, uh, and various other things here.
Uh, there's a special one here that we're not going to be using yet, but we will use later called
Use custom domain, which is set to false, first of all, But later we may consider setting that to
true.
Uh, you may be wondering about custom domains, but it's been coming.
Uh, okay.
So that is variables back we go to here.
Uh, it's now time for the big guy, uh, main.
And as I say, it will be more typical to divide this into multiple files, but we're just going to
have one massive great file here that describes everything.
This is all Terraform code, which is doing all the clicking around in the console that we were doing
in the last couple of days.
Look at all this.
Uh, so yeah, I mean, you know, in some ways there's still work to be done.
There's no getting around that.
Uh, but of course, it's, uh, definitely more in, uh, our world to be writing that as code instead
of writing that as clicking instead of instead of having to do it manually through screens, which feels
much less predictable and repeatable.
So Main.tf is what we're calling this file, and we're pasting in the full contents.
And let's just take a look somewhere here to give you some examples.
Uh, here here is the, uh, setting up the IAM roles that are telling Lambda that it is as access to
bedrock and S3.
Remember when we did that?
This is giving Amazon Bedrock full access and Amazon S3 full access to our Lambda component.
That's an example of something that we configured and where it's getting set up.
And you can see let's find something else.
Let's find something simpler than that.
That was quite an advanced one to start with.
Uh, let's just find an S3 bucket.
Here is an S3 bucket, which is called memory.
Uh, it has uh, it's been given a like a prefix before it as a variable name.
Then the word memory and then the account ID coming after it.
And this prefix I'll give you a preview is going to be like twin.
And then either prod or dev or test depending on the environment we're in.
That's how we will be separating things out.
Um, okay.
And uh, yeah, that's, that's really that's all there is to it.
And that's not really all.
There's a whole huge file.
Uh, it's all I'm going to explain of it.
The action for you is to go through this and look through it and and learn from it.
And, uh, you could if this is definitely a rabbit hole worth exploring.
If you'd like to find out more about, uh, how you configure the, uh, different AWS services using
Terraform here, for example, is a super important one is where we define the Lambda function, uh,
called API.
And we give it the file name that it has to upload from.
From here, uh, we give it the name of the function twin, uh, test API.
We give it, uh, the role.
This is the handler.
Remember when we set up lambda?
Lambda handler.
Handler.
Uh, we give it, uh, the runtime.
We tell it the x86 architecture.
And this is where we use the variable that we set up for lambda timeout that we saw just a second ago.
This is where we set the cause origin that all the chestnut you can see that there's some stuff here.
There's some some complicated stuff.
Because when we use a custom domain we need to switch in a different, uh, origin.
But you can see basically that if we're not using a custom domain, then it's going to use the CloudFront
distribution that's been generated for AWS.
That's what's going to go in there.
Use S3 is true bedrock model ID is the bedrock model ID variable that you saw being defined earlier.
And this depends on, just as the comment says means that lambda is going to wait, uh, before it's
fully created until the distribution exists, because it needs to be able to set that in this, this
variable here.
Um, I actually think this isn't strictly required, because I think that Terraform figures out those
kinds of cross dependencies for itself, but there's no harm in saying it if you know that it's there.
Okay, as I say, and here's the AWS API gateway.
I'm not I'm not obeying my own.
I can't resist telling you about these things.
Uh, come and have a look through each of these to see.
See how it all works.
The CloudFront distribution right here, and see how all of the fields that we set ourselves are created
here.
Uh, this is the, the, uh, methods delete get head, uh, and, uh, hooking up our CloudFront distribution,
um, to make sure that it's going to, to, uh, take the S3 bucket that we set up.
So look through it all that's the to do.
That's your assignment.
And, uh, come back when you are, uh, you've seen it, you've done some googling, you've satisfied
yourself that Main.tf describes the resources that we will be building on AWS.