And that's the heavy lifting done for Terraform.
We're in the final pieces now.
We need to set some default variable values.
And this goes into a file called Terraform vars the defaults.
So terraform new file two.
Dot t vars terraform variables.
Paste that in.
So by default the project name is twin environment is dev.
We're going to use the micro model by default.
And these are the other the other values like the timeout of 60 and so on.
And don't use a custom domain that is our default okay.
So these are settings that for for the the variables right.
Right here under under variables.
Um back to the the instructions.
We also need to make a quick little update to the front end.
Uh, the in the front end, we've actually got it hard coded to go to localhost 8000.
Like that.
We're going to have to just change this to a slightly more sophisticated version.
Change this this URL to be right here.
So I'm going to just copy this right here.
That's going to replace the URL in twin TSX.
This is the URL called by our static frontend to the server.
We can't make this that that that manual 8000 line anymore.
So let's go and make that change.
That is in um 20 uh s which is in front end in components in TSX.
Here it is.
Uh, and of course we did.
We already changed it to be going.
We hardcoded not localhost of course, because otherwise nothing would have worked.
We had hardcoded it to be the the execute before we tried that out.
Uh and now we're going to paste in here this and save that.
And now it's going to take this environment variable instead.
Okay.
Now let's go back to uh, the um the Terraform code.
Uh, sorry, the guide, I mean, and now we are going to, uh, come down here and we're finally at
the time to create our deployment scripts, which are the shell scripts that we will run locally to
kick off the Terraform process.
Let's do that next.
Actually, before we go on, I want to take a moment to to step back and explain something that I think
I glossed over because it's, it's hard.
So, uh, the twin TS file, this is part of our front end.
This is something that's statically turned into a website.
And we put this we put it into the CloudFront distribution.
It goes all over the world.
And it includes this line here, which is the place where your browser makes a call to the API gateway.
And originally when we wrote this, this was hard coded to look at localhost 8000.
And and that's because we're running everything locally.
And we needed our front end locally just to hit our local server when we deploy this to AWS.
We first deployed Lambda and then the API gateway and set that up.
And then we came back here and we put over here the, the the the URL of our gateway deployment.
So that that was then hard coded in so that this would always, uh, when it was deployed to the browser,
the browser would always fetch from our API gateway route.
And that's how we did it.
And then we deployed our front end.
Now we need to be able to do this in a repeatable way.
And this involves digging into our code.
So that's not something that Terraform is going to be able to do.
It can't like edit the code you've got.
And that's why this is an example of something which which then then requires you to take a bit of a
step back.
We need to make sure that in our code this is something that's configurable.
And we'll use like a, like a Next.js way of having a variable that can get changed when this is actually
built.
And this kind of, this kind of bringing together of how your deployment is going to work is the kind
of thing that you have in your deploy scripts, which brings everything together, which is what we're
just about to do now and which is responsible for kicking off your Terraform process.
So with that, let me let me save this change.
And I hope that change looks a bit more sense to you now.
And you see why this is this is a tricky part of the whole process that stitches together our front
end and our back end.
Okay, I feel better about that now.
Now that we've explained that, I now want to take you to the deployment scripts.
So we have different scripts for Mac and Linux, uh, and scripts for PowerShell for, for PC users.
And I'm going to start by focusing on the Mac scripts.
And by the way, if you're a PC user and you have WSL, I would always personally suggest that you do
things in your ubuntu side.
It's just going to make things more consistent for you.
Uh, but uh, but anyways, you can choose for sure, but I'm on a mac, so I'm going to take the Mac
script and I'm going to put it, I'm going to make a new folder called scripts.
So let me do that now.
New folder.
I'm going to call it scripts.
It's a new top level folder.
And in this I'm going to put a new script called Deploy new file deploy shell.
There it is.
And I'm going to paste in that whole script.
Here we go.
And uh, let's just take a quick look at this deployment script.
Okay.
So it builds it first goes ahead and builds that Lambda package.
You remember when we went to to backend and we did UV run deploy.
Py see that Python is a superfluous.
You can have it, but it's not needed.
UV run deploy py is what we want.
Uh, and uh we're then going to go into the terraform directory and we call terraform init.
That sets up terraform.
That gets Terraform started.
Uh we are then going to change the workspace uh to make we're going we're going to select a workspace
that is going to be given by a variable.
We'll pass in with this script.
And that is going to be the word uh dev test or prod.
Those are going to be our three workspaces for a development environment, a test environment and a
production environment because we're actually going to build three different environments with this.
Imagine if we had to do that through the console.
It would kill us.
Uh, but it's going to be wonderfully simple using Terraform.
Uh, we then called Terraform apply.
That is the next command I think I mentioned to you, you do terraform init and then terraform apply.
And that is where it actually runs a Terraform script.
And it's then going to do all of its stuff.
Uh, we then are going to, to uh, do the part where we, uh, this is, this is the hard part that
I mentioned to you.
This is where we go into the front end directory, and we're going to set this variable next public
API URL to be the API.
Uh, that came out of the, the uh, Terraform apply.
And then we are going to use that to then push to AWS the front end bucket.
Does that make sense.
We do the Terraform apply and then we see okay so what was the gateway URL.
We put that into this this environment variable for Next.js.
And then we build our static site.
And we push that to the front end bucket.
And then we will be done and we will output the results.
And so that's why that's what you need to do with the deployment script.
And that's how you can think about the difference between the Terraform sets up all the resources,
configures all the environment, but where you have something that requires you to come in and configure
something in your code, and then do like a push of your, of your, of your data, that's something
you would typically do in a deployment script just like this.
Okay.
Let's now just quickly make the script for PC.
So come in here I'm going to go to the PC side.
And obviously if you're on a mac you don't need to do this.
But I will do it for completeness.
Deploy one.
So I copy all of this copy and I go to scripts New file, deploy PS1 and paste that in there.
And it complains that it doesn't have PowerShell because I'm on a mac.
When you do this on a PC, it's also going to prompt you to install a plugin so that it can highlight
it looking nicely like this.
And you should go ahead and do that so you get nicely highlighted.
Uh, PowerShell script.
But now we have these two scripts.
And since I'm on a mac, there is one final thing that I need to do.
Um, which is I need to come in here, and I need to, uh, on a mac, you will need to run this chmod
command, uh, from, uh, that means that we can actually run the deploy script.
So if I just bring up a new terminal window.
Here it comes, I CD, I don't need CD scripts.
I can just run this from from twin.
And this is something that, uh, you could Google it if you don't know what chmod does, but it makes
sure that I can actually have permission to run that script only needs to be done on a mac or Linux.
Uh, but for PC people, you will actually need to also bring across this deploy.sh for reasons that
will become clear later.
Even though you can't actually run it on your box, you might be wondering why.
Uh, you will see.
So those are our deployment scripts.
We're getting very close to being done now.