Okay.
It's finished.
This seems too good to be true, but I doubt it will come.
Deployment complete cloud CloudFront URL and there is a distribution custom domain add digital twin.
Should we give it a try?
What?
What do we put money on it.
Let's see if it works.
First time command click open the third digital twin.
It's come up.
So just to recap this is development.
This is test.
This is production coming out of digital twins secure with a certificate with SSL.
Let's say hi there and let's see if we get a pro response.
It's spinning up a lambda the first time.
It will always take a few more seconds than usual.
And here we go.
There is an answer.
It's working.
I'm gonna just add, if you prefer.
I'm thrilled you found your way.
It seems all pretty good to me.
Uh.
Let's try.
Uh, do you like cheese?
Let's see if we get a substantive answer.
Uh, it was very quick.
Uh, uh, there we go.
It's quite a balanced answer.
That's clever that it that it figured out that I like French food and that makes it unusual.
I don't think I said that in my in my spiel.
Uh, and, uh, yeah, that's just brilliant.
That's brilliant.
So here we are, deployed to production live at Digital Twin, or you are live on your URL.
Congratulations.
And we've got three parallel environments all set up, all in, uh, in AWS.
One more time.
I know you believe me.
This time you didn't believe me the first time, but now you believe me.
Now you believe me, I know it.
But just to double check, let's go to the cloud.
Uh, CloudFront distribution.
Here we have it.
Uh, there they are.
There are the three, uh, twin prod, twin test, twin dev, and there's digital twin there as well.
Uh, it's all running three distributions.
There'll be three lambda functions.
There'll be six S3 buckets.
Uh, there'll be three API gateways.
It's all there.
It's all happening.
Congratulations to us.
Well, I'm super happy.
Everything has just worked out like this.
And I think it's a really happy that you've got to see all of it.
Let's now just go and finish off with that delete stuff.
The destroy that we skipped over.
Let's go back to the instructions.
Uh, down here day four open preview.
And we are, uh, somewhere near the end.
We just want to do our deleting of the of the steps.
Um, there are some best practices here, some troubleshooting.
Uh, and, uh, let's go back up to step seven.
Here it is.
Okay.
So step seven begins by defining a couple of scripts, a shell script for for Mac Linux and a PowerShell
script for for windows.
Let's create this.
And here it is.
Copy that.
And we're now going to go in to the scripts folder, new file, and I'm going to call it destroy.
Destroy shell.
That's a new script.
Paste in that script and save.
And then also go back to this this guide and look for the PowerShell.
And we must remember to chmod which we'll do next.
Uh windows people don't need to chmod.
Uh here we go.
Take all of this.
Copy this.
Make a PowerShell script.
Mac people don't need to make a PowerShell script, but I will anyway.
New file deploy ps1 o deploy destroy ps1.
Uh, and paste and mixing up.
Deploy and destroy is not a good idea.
Maybe I shouldn't have named them.
So similarly, uh, some modding to bring this up to that screen chmod plus x to to scripts.
Slash destroy.
Ah, Destroy shell.
Done.
Okay, so now let's see if we can bring down the environments as easily as we brought them up.
Starting with the development environment.
So we will do um, we will do a dot slash scripts slash destroy dev.
Let's see if we can bring down the development environment.
Switch to the workspace dev.
It's first has to empty the S3 bucket.
Do you remember the way we.
Before we could delete the S3 bucket, we had to empty them.
Well, Terraform is wise to such such trickery and it is already deleting those S3 buckets.
It's destroying the whole development environment as we watch.
It's going feverishly through all the different things, but where it will, uh, become stuck, I do
believe, is when we get to the CloudFront distribution, our old enemy.
Uh, so again with the five minutes.
Uh, but this time, I think I'm not going to bore you with three sets of five minutes.
I'm going to do this, and then I'm going to destroy the test environment.
And then I'm also going to destroy the prod environment as well.
All of that stuff that we did.
And it does not, of course, remove the, the, um, domain that we registered that we paid $15 for.
We keep hold of that.
It destroys all of the records, it destroys the certificates.
It gets rid of all that stuff, uh, leaving us only with the registered domain.
All of the associated S3, uh, AWS resources will have been removed.
Okay.
See you in in just a few seconds, but but in, like, 15 minutes for me.
Well, all three destroy scripts ran fine and well and says completely destroyed.
And what we can now do, by the way, it then gives you something about removing the Terraform workspace,
which is just about removing that from from your Terraform, uh, state here that you can ignore that,
that that's not about Amazon resources.
Let's bring up our, um, usual AWS console.
And let's just convince ourselves, if we go back one more time, let's say to the CloudFront, where
we just were, where we saw three, and now we are back to the Get Started screen that you probably
saw before.
Uh, with a CloudFront distribution, there are no CloudFront distributions.
All three sets of AWS services have been destroyed by Terraform.
So wasn't that easy?
Isn't it great?
Now we can now bring up and bring down a distribution, a whole, a whole set of services just by running
in one script, and it creates everything, and it does make life so simple and so repeatable and reproducible.
And the slowest part of it is creating those, uh, cloud CloudFront distributions.
But there's a lot going on there.
It's pushing out content all over the place.
So we have to forgive it for taking a few minutes to do such heavy lifting.
Um, but that does complete the day for, uh, instructions.
There's a ton of interesting stuff for you to peruse at the end of this document.
Um, which includes after after the optional section that I hope some of you have done with the production
deployment, there's a bit more about, um, about looking at, uh, the, the workspace and other things.
And there's a bit more about about testing and troubleshooting and the like.
So you could have a look through all of that.
But we will now go back to the slides to wrap up.
And so there you have it.
This is again our architecture diagram that you have committed to memory.
Now after us going through all those console screens, I hope you forgive me for that.
Now that you agree that it adds to the magic of appreciating what Terraform does, it created all of
what you see here on this, on this diagram.
Uh, and it did it three times over for dev test and prod.
And we brought them all up and we destroyed them all.
And we checked out three different conversations going on in parallel, and we saw all of the resources
appearing and disappearing in the console.
It works.
And with that, that wraps up day four of week two of your journey to being an expert at product deployment.
Uh, Terraform is ticked.
You can add that to your resume.
Uh, you are now Terraform person, and we'll be putting that to great use in the the remaining two
weeks.
We will not be futzing around with consoles any more.
And with that, congratulations.
You are now 45% of the way through, although I'd say it seems to have gone fast, but for this week
has been quite grueling.
So I imagine you're thinking, ah, it's not been going fast, but, uh, but but it's all it's all
great from here.
Now that we have Terraform, uh, in our toolkit and tomorrow we look at GitHub actions, which is so
cool.
It's going to allow us to do a git push and automatically something will kick off run everything including
terraform, build a whole environment, deploy it the whole lot just for us on demand.
Can you believe it?
You'll see it tomorrow by.