Today is a fitting conclusion to a huge week.
Today is the day that we add icing to the cake.
We are going to put GitHub actions in the mix.
A way for us to automatically deploy when we do a git push, amongst other things.
And that really wraps up this week of kind of core platform engineering, with an AI lens on top of
it, to build an AI application and be able to automatically build environments and push them out.
And so to launch straight in at first, a very quick recap of what we learned about Terraform, and
the best way to give you a refresher on Terraform is to go through the six key terms that we learned
about Terraform, starting with the provider.
You remember when we had, like the Terraform script, that provider and an open curly.
And this is where you give you describe the plugins that you want to use for this Terraform configuration,
which is going to be related to AWS or GCP or Azure or whatever variables, which are the the parameters
that configure your deployment.
Remember the TF files?
Um, and I think I don't think I explained this well but but there's like a, there was a terraform.tf
vars that was the general ones, the default ones that were used.
And then we had one that was called prod.
And the place that that was selected was in the deploy script.
If you look at the deploy script, you'll see where it says if they're deploying production, then provide
this variables file as the alternative.
And so that's how we switched in different variables for our different environment and then resources.
And this of course is the absolutely key ingredient resources which are each of those resources followed
by a curly.
And they describe the each of the services that we wanted to set up in AWS, the S3 bucket, the, the,
um, each of the Lambda functions, they were all described there as resources with attributes that
configured them.
And Terraform took care of all business.
And then we use state.
This is where Terraform Records its version of Reality and state.
These needs to match what's really going on.
And this is something which is like the private Terraform files that you'll see right now in your directory
in your project, which don't typically get checked up into source control.
Um, and they, they are terraform's understanding of what's actually going on out there.
The output is where you list out the the results that will come from doing a Terraform deploy.
That would include things like your CloudFront URL.
Uh, and that's an example, your distribution URL.
And that's an example of something which when we had a deploy script we ran Terraform.
Then we collected the outputs.
We used that to find out okay.
So tell me now which S3 bucket, where is the S3 bucket that has the front end and what is the CloudFront
distribution.
And then what is the the API gateway.
That's another output.
And then be able to to use that to make the various connections between the different parts of our software
that we need to make.
So that's using outputs.
And then finally, the last term that we met is the word workspace, which is the way that you can like
set a completely different namespace for everything.
It allows you to have all of your state replicated in different universes.
And of course, we use that as it's usually used to have a development environment, a test environment,
and a production environment called dev test and prod.
You can call them whatever you want.
And the deploy script was the place that kind of brought it all together.
And if in doubt, look through that deploy script again.
See the different Terraform commands that were made.
We didn't run Terraform commands ourselves very often.
The terraform init, terraform apply and terraform destroy are the ones that you would use most often
if you ran terraform at the command line, but it's pretty common to wrap it up in a deploy script like
that and do it all in a in a script.
Okay, that's the quick refresher on Terraform, and it's my great pleasure to introduce you to the
final topic, the final area of expertise to build for you this week GitHub actions.
So GitHub actions is all about automating deployments using tooling built into GitHub.
And you can do other things with it too.
But it is mostly about automated deployments and CI CD continuous integration, continuous deployment,
the ability to make it so you can do something like GitHub, a git push, and something will get automatically
built and deployed to prod.
So there are three terms to to talk about here.
And the first of them is is actions itself.
So GitHub actions it's like a it's a like a platform within GitHub.
It's a separate tab on the main nav that we'll click on to go into the actions module.
And it's something which allows you to run scripts either automatically or in response to to a user
taking an action like this icon of pushing a button, there is almost literally going to be a button
we can push.
Uh, in order to kick off a script.
Workflows are what they call a, uh, something which is like a series of steps that should be triggered
by some event.
And they are configured using a type of file called a YAML file, which you're probably familiar with,
and and YAML files get put in a special directory.
It is in a directory called GitHub, in your in your project root and a subdirectory workflows.
Anything in there represents a workflow.
And the final bit of terminology is jobs.
A job.
This is something that happens at execution time when when when a workflow is kicked off and is running,
a job is run.
It's a series of steps that get carried out and it gets carried out on a virtual machine in GitHub land.
So in GitHub on the cloud, it launches a virtual machine called the runner and carries out the steps
in your the in your job.
The steps in your job get run when the workflow is triggered.
And it's worth pointing out that GitHub actions can be useful for more than just ci CD.
They can do stuff like generate new documentation.
When you do a push, it can.
It can run something that looks at your repo, generates API docs and puts them there.
It can do an AI code review.
You can hook up all sorts of things to GitHub actions.
It is most commonly used for CI CD, but you can do all sorts of stuff with it.
And of course, the corollary of that is also worth pointing out that there are many, many more platforms
that do CI CD than GitHub actions.
GitHub actions is popular because it's very lightweight, simple, and it's already there built into
into GitHub.
But I'm sure many of you are familiar with Jenkins.
Jenkins is like the OG of this world of CI CD, been around for a long time and it's very, very comprehensive
and robust and huge.
And I'm sure it's the topic of many courses, uh, much more than four weeks long.
GitHub actions much quicker to get started.
And we'll be able to to be doing stuff in our lab today.
And I wouldn't be doing my job if I didn't show you one more time.
Our deployment architecture.
You're probably not getting sick of this, so you know it.
Well, it doesn't look nearly as confusing as I hope as it looked the first time you saw this.
Uh, it's completely clear to you now that we have lambda in the middle of this.
we are using serverless functions.
This is a serverless architecture as they're known.
We're using Lambda for our business logic that gets called every time the user makes it, makes a chat,
says something.
It hits slash chat here that is connected with an S3 bucket that contains our conversation history.
It's just different JSON objects for each Uuid associated with the browser.
Uh, and uh, we've, we've got an API gateway set up which is exposing this.
We integrated the gateway with our Lambda function.
We set up those routes.
And we first of all did all of that manually.
And then we put it into some resource Terraform code.
And it's just magically happening for us.
We've got a front end static site in another S3 bucket that's been put on a CloudFront distribution
and sent all over the world, a browser, when it's connected, the URL that you put in that browser
is CloudFront URL, and so it serves up the static website.
But in that static website There is that fetch command which includes.
Within that fetch command it is linked to our API gateway.
Our deploy script made sure of that.
And so when the user does a chat it then calls down here.
And our Lambda business logic connects to bedrock.
Our API here connects to bedrock to run an LM.
And we chose Amazon's Nova Foundation model so that we could we could be all AWS native this week and
we get back the result.
We put that in the conversation history.
We return it to the user and everything comes together.
And after going through the traumatic process of building this ourselves through the AWS console, we
then move to Terraform.
We use Terraform scripts to describe the infrastructure we ran.
We wrote a deploy script that calls Terraform, init, and Terraform apply.
After setting a workspace to be either dev or test or prod, and as a result of that, the whole infrastructure
gets built and it just works.