And now here we are, back in Casa again for the last time this week.
We are in the twin repo.
You're going to miss this repo.
It's not yet a repo.
It's still just a directory, a cursed project.
But very shortly it's going to be a true repo.
Open up that week two folder and go to day five.
If you don't have this folder, you may be going to the production repo instead.
Open a preview of this and let's get at it.
So welcome to the final day of week two.
Today we're implementing the complete DevOps lifecycle.
Uh, so now we're going to be be putting things in git and GitHub.
So step one is about destroying the environment destroying dev test and prod.
We did already do that.
We've done that already.
But if you didn't do it for some reason, now would be a good time to do it.
We want to bring everything.
We want to destroy all of the environment, to make absolutely sure that we're starting from a clean
slate.
And if you're unsure if you're in a clean slate, then now you should go into the AWS console.
I know we dislike the AWS console now, but go in there anyway and just double check.
You've got no Lambda, no gateway, no API, no no, no CloudFront distribution and no S3 buckets.
And all is good.
Okay, then, uh, it also tells you you could do this.
This is this is optional.
Deleting the Terraform workspaces.
We won't be working locally today.
Um, and yes, there's the verify clean slate that I mentioned.
Okay.
Now we're going to create a dot git ignore.
We actually already created a dot git ignore there.
But this one is now the final one.
And so we'll just put this in there and then look at it.
Um let me see.
So dot git ignore uh paste that in.
This is the final things that we want to ignore.
Uh, actually it looks like.
Yeah.
So in my final version I've decided I'm not going to put any, uh, Terraform state files in there.
These these are are all the pretty standard things to have.
Um, and, uh, we're also, of course, excluding the Lambda deployment zip and package.
These are the artifacts of the build process for Lambda.
We obviously don't want to put our conversation, our local conversation history.
That would be a pain.
Make sure that we don't include environment variables.
Do you remember I mentioned ages ago that there would be an environment variable we would check in?
You might have been like, oh, that'd be uh, well, that would be we're going to make one called env
example, which is just a nice best practice that you leave an example file there for, for, uh, future,
uh, people that clone your repo.
Um, these are the standard things to exclude for, for the front end.
We don't want node modules, we don't want to output directory.
And then normal Python excludes like virtual environments and then any IDE stuff and any AWS stuff.
There we go.
So there is a nice dot git ignore for us a good first step towards creating our repo.
And actually yes, I should have mentioned, in case it's not obvious that that's what we're doing right
now.
We're creating an official GitHub repo right now.
This is still just a project in that we've not actually ever pushed it to GitHub before.
We could set up GitHub actions.
We do need it to be a repo on GitHub.
All right.
Second step is just a nice best practice is to create a env example which will tell other people how
they can set up their own env file.
So I'm just going to copy this over here.
New file dot example.
There it is.
Paste in that example contents A nice thing to put in your repo.
And because of the way we did our dot git ignore because we ignore all dot env dot star except a dot
env example, this file will in fact be included in the repo.
Okay back here we go.
All right.
So next up there is a tiny hitch that I need to alert you to.
And we've got a little little fix here for it.
Uh, so when we initially set up our front end of this, of this, uh, platform, we use that create
next app command and by default create next app.
When it's setting everything up and configuring everything it does in fact create a GitHub repo for
you.
So the front end folder is itself a GitHub repo.
So we have a repo within our parent folder within the twin folder.
And that's confusing because if we create a GitHub repo at the twin level it will have like like what
they call like a sub repo.
It's going to have a repo within it.
And that makes everything very confusing.
So we actually want to remove the fact that the front end folder has a repo.
And the back end folder should not be a repo, unless at some point you typed out a wrong instruction
instead of uv init bare.
If you did uv init, then it will also be a repo.
So just to be safe, I've got like a command here that removes any repos from front end and back end.
Um, and I've got that as a, as a command from for Mac and for PowerShell.
We'll do that now just to make sure that we don't have any sub repos.
Um, and if you're not entirely following what I'm saying, it doesn't matter that much.
Just do this command.
Uh, so, uh, the one reason why I say this to you is that this command has within it rm rf something,
and any time that you type rm rf, you should have all of your Spidey sense alert.
You should be really, really careful.
The same goes for this equivalent, uh, command here.
This is a this is famously the most dangerous of any possible command line thing you could ever do.
Uh, I'm sure someone will have an exception, but that's the most dangerous that I know of.
And you can Google it to read plenty of amusing stories of DevOps horrors where someone's managed to
bring down their entire company by an improper use of rm rf.
So rm rf means delete a folder and all its contents without asking for verification.
Just do it.
And do that recursively.
And so you do have to be careful that what comes after the rm rf is what it's deleting.
It's these two things front end and back end.
Git and don't don't Mistype this.
Make sure you take the whole line.
Make sure you're in the twin folder.
When you run this.
I will not be held responsible.
If anyone types RMI, RF and they're in their top level in C colon backslash that whoa that that's that's
on you.
So do this carefully in the twin directory.
RM rf front end back end.
And this this thing here is just to make sure that it doesn't, uh, complain if, uh, if it doesn't
exist because the back end one won't exist for me anyway.
And there we go.
Done.
Drama over.
If that does worry you, then you can get ChatGPT help to actually just specifically go in and look
for those dot git files.
I think they're hidden by default in curses.
You'd have to find them and then delete them manually.
Um, but this is the easy way to do it.
All right, enough.
Let's get on and create a repo.
Okay.
Next command is the famous git init minus b main.
So git init is setting up a new GitHub repo in the directory you're in.
And that works by by basically creating a dot git directory.
That's how it, how it does it.
Um, the minus b main means that we want our main branch to be called main, and that is the common
default.
It would normally be that way anyway, but some older versions of git use master as the name of the
main branch, but it's more common these days to use main as the name of the main branch.
So that is what we will do here.
So we're running git init minus b main and there we go.
Initialized empty git repo in in and it gives us the directory of of the of the git.
And uh you can see something that's happened here in cursor is that the colors here reflect the status
of different files.
The dark gray means it's git ignored.
The blue means that these are things that are changed that need to be checked in.
That's exciting.
Uh, and now here's just a couple of quick configuration things we can say git config user name and
then name.
Add Donna and put your name obviously.
And then uh git config user dot email.
And I'll put my, my normal Gmail not.
There we go.
That one there.
Done.
Okay.
We have got now a local git.
There's the PowerShell commands.
All right.
In uh in a second we're going to to add these and commit them.
So just before we run this you can also do git status at any point to get a sense of what's going on.
We're on the branch main.
There's been no commits.
And we've got all of these red things that have not yet been added in any way to our repo.
Uh, so now to, to to add them, to stage them for a for commits.
You do git add dot and I'm not going to give a git lesson here.
There will be this guide.
There's links.
There's a amazing amazing online book by a guy called BJ that writes the most incredible books.
And he's so, so witty and so his manner is so wonderful.
And he's got the guide to git that I've only read little bits of it.
If you read all of that, you would know a lot more about git than me.
So yeah, if you want to, if you want to follow this rabbit hole, then then that is the resource.
All right.
And now we do a git commit.
We're committing commit commit the files that we've staged to be committed minus M is your message.
And we will say well I'll just copy and paste this so that you're not standing there while I type.
There we go.
Done so.
And now if I do a git status, it should all appear in fabulous.
Oops.
Oh yeah.
That's right.
It's all.
It's all being created.
So.
So we are we are ready to go.
Um, okay, let's do this.
Next up it's going to be time to create our actual GitHub repo.
Let's go and do that.