And so here I am in GitHub.
I'm on github.com.
Donna, you should be not on this, but in your github.com your username.
Presumably you have an account with GitHub.
If not, create one.
And then be there.
And here I am.
And one thing you'll notice right away is that I do most of my work on Saturdays, uh, which is probably
not super healthy.
Uh, that's because I have a day job.
Uh, so, uh, that's when, uh, when you'll see me most active.
Okay.
And, uh, I have repositories.
Let's go to repositories over here.
And, uh, you can see the production one that you hopefully know well.
And now I'm going to press the new button.
You need to press the new button.
So now over here you start with your repo name and I suggest you call it twin.
Uh, twin is available.
And you give it a description like a digital twin, uh, version of me.
Let's call it an AI digital twin version of me.
So choose visibility.
You can make it public or private.
This, of course, is not related to whether your actual twin is public or private.
This is whether the code is public or private.
I suggest you make it public because you want people to see the work you've done you.
And of course, in the assignment, I'm going to be asking you to make this much more rich functionality
for yourself.
And so you're going to want to show this off.
And when you have your digital twin running, remember to tag me and tell me about it so I can come
in and talk to it.
And I want to be wowed by how much functionality you have.
Uh, but we will come to that later.
Uh, I make mine private for now.
Uh, now, here's the thing.
You need to make sure that you have the readme and.
Gitignore, and license all off because we've put that we've been building things in our repo, so,
so we don't want, uh, this to create stuff or we're going to have like, merging nonsense.
So, so if you do this by mistake, it's going to be trouble.
So don't do it.
Make sure Adeyemi is off.
No.
Gitignore and no license.
And then press create repository.
Uh.
All right.
Uh, and here we are.
We are in, uh, the, the our new repository called twin.
It is empty.
And, uh, it tells you how to create a new repo on the command line, and you'll see that a lot of
this is what we've already done.
So we're looking in great shape.
Uh, and these two commands here is what we're just about to run.
Uh, so I might just just copy that right now into my clipboard so that it's, uh, convenient.
And let's see now what else I want to show you.
Um, I think that's probably it.
I think we should go to the command line now and get get this on the road.
Get this show on the road, is what I mean.
Of course.
So now here we are.
Uh, we're going to push to GitHub.
The first step is to add this repo to is to set the remote for this local repo to be pointing to GitHub
in the cloud, to that repo that we just set up in GitHub.
So we go git remote add origin.
So I'm just typing this this line right here.
And actually I'd already pasted this I'd already pasted this command in from the other screen.
So just paste it in there.
You can see there's actually a different ways that you can refer to a GitHub repo.
This way the https, then github.com, then your username which would be Donna for me and then digital
twin.
Or we can do it this way I press enter.
That's done.
And now this is the git push command git push u origin main.
All right here we go.
Bam.
Done.
All happened.
Looks good.
Now let's go and check that out in GitHub.
Here I am back at GitHub again.
It looks much the same as it looked a second ago.
Let's just click here on code and look at that.
We've got our whole thing in here.
We've got the back end, front end scripts.
Terraform week two.
We didn't need I guess, but but it's there.
The env example and.
Gitignore.
And so our repo is there.
And we can go in for example to backend.
We can check that in here.
We don't have that folder the the the package.
And we don't have the zip file.
We just have all of our Python code including the, the this this deploy which is about deploying the
Lambda package.
Um, and similarly in scripts we have our actual deployment script here, which is the one that actually
builds the Terraform environment and deploys an environment.
And here are our Terraform scripts checked in to source code control.
All is looking great.
And that brings us to part three.
And part three is a little bit of a head scratcher.
So so bear with me here.
This is the one fiddly part of setting up our GitHub actions.
So remember when we're running Terraform locally on our computers.
We've got these Terraform state variables that describe the real infrastructure out there.
The state is um, in this whole like like TF state folder and it controls, um, Terraform's view of
what's actually out there.
So we're about to do all of our Terraform script running on GitHub.
And that means that GitHub needs to have somewhere where it can maintain all of the, the state to,
um, so it needs like a sort of like a, like a shared drive where it can have all of this information.
So every time we run it, it's got a permanent record of what the state is.
And well, GitHub doesn't, doesn't necessarily come with that easily.
And so we need to like make a shared drive.
And it happens that we we know how to make shared drives because that's what an S3 bucket is.
So we can use an S3 bucket as our way to describe Terraform state.
That's very convenient, very easy and very common practice.
Um, and so, uh, we could go into the console and futz around with the console to create a new S3
bucket.
Uh, but but that we don't like the console anymore, so we might as well actually use Terraform to
create the, the, the S3 bucket that we will then be using in GitHub actions, uh, in order to maintain
state.
So that's a little bit of a muddle there.
We're going to run Terraform locally in order to create, uh, something which will be used by our GitHub
actions.
I hope you followed that.
Uh, I think you probably did.
Otherwise it's going to become clear when I actually do it.
So we're going to temporarily set up a TF file, uh, in order to create this, this S3 bucket and also
a DynamoDB, I should say we also need a database table.
We're going to create that as well using DynamoDB, which is another AWS component that I'm not going
to talk about in any detail, aside from the fact that we're creating this database component for our
Terraform state, and we're going to run it.
So this is the Terraform resource description.
Let me just go through it.
This sets up everything that we need in order to have the DynamoDB and the S3 bucket.
And we're going to to create something called uh, back end dash setup, uh, which is the S3 bucket
and dynamo table for our Terraform state.
So, uh, here we go into Terraform.
We do new file, we're going to call it backend setup.
And you need to have the mental model.
This is just temporary.
We're going to create this run it and then delete it later when we're done with it.
So that's been created.
Take a look through and you can see the different things that we're using here.
Uh a store and a lock uh, which is something that is going to be basically, uh, reflecting the store
and the lock that we have here.
Uh, and, um, back we go.
Okay.
And that's, that's the, uh, that set up the configuration and the next step will be to run it.
Okay.
So we bring up a terminal in cursor.
The first thing we need to do is to go into the terraform directory.
Don't forget to do that.
Then it's important that we make sure that we're not in a workspace like dev test or prod.
So we go to select the default workspace.
We run terraform init.
The terraform commands are terraform init followed by terraform apply.
Now when we do terraform apply normally.
If you do terraform apply, it just goes out there and creates everything described in Main.tf or in
any of your TF files.
We don't want to do that.
In this case, we only want to create the specific resources that we listed out in that extra backend
setup file.
So we're just going to run this command which is only going to run Terraform.
Apply for some specific resources.
It asks us to type the word yes to absolutely confirm we know what we're doing.
Uh, because it would hate to create the wrong resources.
It goes out there and it creates it all and it's been done.
We have just created a bunch of we've created an S3 bucket and some dynamo tables for locks, which
are all set up.
So these are like shared resources that GitHub can use for running its actions onwards.
And so we can just type Terraform output which displays the outputs, uh, to tell us what happened.
And it tells us that we created a DynamoDB table, uh, for our locks.
And we created a state bucket name twin terraform state.
And these are things that will be used by our, uh, GitHub actions in just a moment.
But before we do that, we should remove this temporary Terraform file right here that we only had it
there in order to create this, this back end.
So we just delete, move to trash.
There we go.
It's gone.
It was only temporary anyway.
Okay, it's now time for us to update our scripts to use this new back end.