Okay.
So within scripts deployed we've got this line, the Terraform init line that uh that that runs the
sets up the, the Terraform status.
We need to update this.
So, uh, I'm going to, to copy these new lines.
This replaces terraform init.
Let's put it in there and then say what it does.
And PC people you need to do this as well even though you're not going to run this script.
Uh, and so I come on in here, let's find where is the Terraform init command.
Can you see it?
Here it is right here.
The script goes into terraform directory and it runs terraform init.
I paste this in and this is the new terraform init command.
And what are we doing.
Well we're just passing in some extra configuration with this command.
We're configuring it just to let it know that we've got these special buckets set up for Terraform state
files and for the lock files.
So it's it's configuring our Terraform init to know about this special shared drive that we set up just
for it's purpose Okay.
Back here again.
Uh, and, uh, we should also update the PowerShell version of it for completeness.
Uh, and, uh.
Yeah.
Uh, Mac, people, you don't need to do this, but you can if you wish to have, like, a complete
repo.
But.
So I'm going to find the terraform init command in the deploy one.
Don't confuse, deploy and destroy.
Um, and here it is Terraform init.
Copy it.
Paste in the new version.
Save.
And that's done.
Back to the instructions.
We also have to update the destroy scripts as well in the same way.
This time I've actually got the entire script to replace.
So this is the new destroy file.
Copy all of that.
There it goes.
And copy that into the destroy sh.
Select all paste save, and do the same for the windows version.
Back to preview.
Scroll down.
Here it is.
Doesn't it look different?
Uh.
Copy all of this.
And there we go.
Copy it in the final file to be changed, destroy PowerShell, paste the new version.
Save it.
And that is a go.
Uh, and you can see right here the change.
Ha.
Okay, so back to the guide.
Uh, so we've now we've now updated our scripts so that our deploy scripts are referring to these,
these shared drives where we have our Terraform state.
It's now time for us to go back to GitHub.
And the first thing that we're going to do is going to be about setting up the way that the kind of
access that GitHub has to AWS.
So it's all part of the biology of working with these cloud providers that there's there's just so much
stuff to do.
Uh, there's not too much for GitHub actions, but there's still some stuff.
And one of them is that remember that you have this whole thing about permissions in AWS, like permissions
for IAM user.
If Hub is going to have the ability to set up infrastructure running Terraform, then it has to have
the right permissions to do this.
An IAM role that GitHub actions can use.
And so we might have to go in and set up a whole lot of stuff with our, um, with our configuration
that set up stuff with AWS.
But again, we can use this trick of just writing a temporary piece of Terraform to do it for us and
run the Terraform to get around us having to do all this ourselves.
So this is a Terraform script to create an IAM role that, that, uh, so that GitHub actions can,
can have the powers that it needs.
Um, and so I'm not going to talk in a lot of detail about what kinds of actions all these IAM role
policies and everything else.
And this is the whole list of policies we're giving it.
The great thing about these Terraform scripts is that you can trust if this works once it should work
nicely.
So we're going to go to Terraform directory and set up a temporary file which is called GitHub dash.
o DC, the type of authentication, the type of IAM setup that we're doing here.
Do that and paste in the infrastructure we want, which contains all of the policies that we need to
attach to this user.
And now go back to the guide.
So we've done all of this.
And now we just have to one more time actually run this.
Okay.
So first of all we bring up a command line.
We go to terraform directory.
Don't forget to go to terraform directory.
We make sure we're in the default workspace.
So we're not in dev test or prod.
And then we just run this quick command to see whether we already have this particular, uh, policies
already set up.
In my case I do because I've run this before.
And depending on your situation, you probably won't, but you just might do, uh, so do this, this
test.
If you see an Arn, an AWS resource number like this, then you do have one already.
And if that is true, if you do have one already, then we need to import it.
So I'm going to do this quickly.
I first of all this is just a quick hack to retrieve my AWS account ID, um, which is also in my clipboard.
I could have got it from there, but it's nice to have this on hand.
So if I echo it, you'll see that that is my account ID.
And then this is commented out because you should only run this if you already have the provider.
But this is importing that.
Uh, and I then have to type in my GitHub repo in the form owner me slash repo twin like that.
And it's done imported successfully.
Now you won't need to have done that unless you already had one.
Okay.
Time to apply the resources.
So for applying the resources there are two scenarios.
One of them scenario A is what is almost certainly applying to you, which is that the Oidc provider
did not exist.
It's your first time doing this and you just have to run this big apply command here.
There's one version for Mac, one version for windows, and the only thing you need to do be careful
about is replace this here with your GitHub username and the name of the repo, like slash, uh, or
whatever you are using, whatever is your username and your, your, uh, repo name.
And this should run nicely.
Uh, in my case, it already existed and I imported it.
Uh, and so, um, this is what I need to run.
I need to run this Terraform apply command right here, which just does the same, but it does not create
this provider.
Uh, so I'm going to paste in this command, and I'm just going to replace this part here, which is
what you should have just done yourself with my name, my, my GitHub name and twin.
And that should be it.
I run this command.
Terraform does its magic.
It needs to be to type the word yes.
And it's now creating what needs to be created.
And it's done.
So that has set up the, uh, necessary, um, backend so that GitHub now has permissions to be operating
the GitHub actions, to be setting up our infrastructure.
And just to confirm that all has gone well, we can now run this Terraform output command like so.
And it tells us the name of the Amazon resource which is the the GitHub actions, uh, resource that
it's going to be able to use to log in that GitHub actions will be able to use to have the right permissions.
And you need to keep note of this because we will use it in just a second.
So so I'm going to copy it to my clipboard and hope I don't accidentally copy anything else.
Uh, maybe I'll take it, take a note of it somewhere.
Um, and then we can remove this GitHub file right here, because this was only a temporary terraform
file that we just used to avoid having to go around the various different screens in the AWS console,
delete, move to trash.
Keep a record of this right here, and I'll see you back in a.