And now the last piece of the puzzle is we just have to have one more Terraform file change here.
Going to make a new Terraform configuration file called backend.
Remember this could also just go in main.tf.
There's no significance to having different file names.
But the reason we're having this is we want to tell Terraform that for its backend it should be using
S3.
And so we go into our Terraform directory.
We'll make a new file call it backend dot.
There it is.
Paste that in and save.
And that's there.
So and this this is not a temporary file.
This is for reals.
This Terraform needs this to tell it to use S3 as its backend.
So we set up a couple of temporary Terraform files, one of them to allow us to build some useful S3
buckets and Dynamo S3 bucket and Dynamo databases for lock.
And then we created one for to to set up the appropriate permissions, the role and policies.
We ran both of them to one time to set up all that infrastructure.
We deleted those Terraform files.
We're done.
We've set that up.
And now we've just created this backend, uh, Terraform configuration right here, and we're almost
ready for prime time.
Uh, this is all, of course, just one time setup.
You wouldn't ever have to do this again once.
Uh, for any repo, you do it once for a repo so that it's then properly hooked up to GitHub actions.
All right, back we go to the instructions.
The next step is it's time to add some secrets to GitHub.
GitHub has to know the secrets that we're going to use.
Let's go and do that right now okay.
So we're back in GitHub.
We have gone to our twin repo.
Here it is.
We go to settings in this top nav scroll down here Secrets and variables.
We go to actions.
Here we go.
These are the secrets of variables that apply to GitHub actions.
And we want to repository secret.
Secret that applies to the whole repo and press new repository secret.
All right.
What secrets do we want?
The first one is AWS role Arn.
AWS role Arn AWS role Arn.
It is telling GitHub what role should it have in AWS?
And there in my clipboard is the secret, the one that we we just took from running that Terraform thing
once.
This is the the value of the A around Arn that it should use for GitHub actions to deploy the twin add
secret, everything has to be exactly right.
Don't forget that.
Uh, okay.
Now what's the next secret?
The next secret?
Default AWS region.
Well, that's a Perfectly.
No mistakes.
It's got to be your default region.
It's got to be copy and paste it from somewhere rather than typing it like I did to make absolutely
sure.
Double check, because if you get something wrong, it's really hard to find out what's gone wrong.
Later you may get some obscure error.
All right.
And then the oars account it.
That's the final secret we need to add here.
So back we go here and we go to new repository secret and oars account éd.
And I can cheat.
I can paste in the arn from before because my account ID is in there.
Look at that.
There we go.
A nice little pro hack, that is.
The oars accounted for me, and you should put in yours and press Add secret.
And now we have three secrets oars, account éd.
Oars role arn and default oars region.
And they should all be good.
And that has set us up for success.
Now it's time to create the workflows.
Okay, so as it says at this point, GitHub now has the ability, it has the power to log into our AWS
account with the credentials that we set up for it.
It's all ready to actually do something.
So in over here in twin let's collapse some of these folders so it looks nice and clean.
We need to create a new top level folder called dot GitHub GitHub.
And within GitHub we're going to have a subfolder called workflows new folder workflows.
There we go.
And somewhat confusingly cursor shows it this way when there's nothing else but workflows.
But you can actually turn that off if you wish.
Uh, anyways, we're now going to create our first workflow and it's going to be called deploy YAML.
So here we right click New File deploy dot YAML without the A just just like that.
And now we're going back to the guide to get our deployment Script.
So this is what a GitHub actions deployment script looks like.
And I'm going to take all of this.
You can see there's quite a lot to it.
Copy that.
And now I'm going to go back to deploy YAML and paste it in.
Here it is.
This is our first look at GitHub actions deployment script.
We finally got to the point.
We've we've set everything up.
We've set up the backend S3 buckets and DynamoDB.
We've set up the policy to log in.
And this is now what will be run.
So what does it look like?
What does the script do?
Well it begins with a name deploy digital twin.
It says on and this has a description of the the the vent.
What will cause this to be triggered.
And it's on push.
It says which branch and it says what to do about it.
Um, it gives, uh, various stuff about the permissions.
And then we've got the jobs.
Remember, jobs was the sort of key ingredient.
A job has a number of steps.
We've got several jobs.
One is, uh, we haven't got jobs.
We've got one job.
It's called deploy.
And that one job has several steps.
And the steps is check out the code set up Python install.
You've set up Terraform, setup NodeJS and then look at this step here.
Run the deployment script.
It sets some environment variables the account ID and the default AWS region which it gets from its
secrets.
It makes the deploy script executable the same deploy script that is already in our scripts.
The Mac version, because it's a mac and Linux version.
And this is why PC people, I told you that you had to keep the Mac version, the deployment scripts,
because even though you only run the PC version locally for you, when GitHub the the the oars roll
Arne, so that it has the right roll.
And we then get get the outputs from that.
Um, and uh, so you can see everything that's going on in the script by looking through these steps,
spend some time on it.
YAML means that that it's, it's very human readable.
So it's very clear and easy to see what's going on.
And you can understand the script.
One more thing I have to do though, I can see from that white blob there that I haven't saved it yet,
so I need to make sure I save it before we go on our first GitHub workflow.
But we have a second one to talk about too.
We've got one called destroy.
We're going to set up a destroy YAML which will destroy an environment.
Let me just drag all of this.
Select that.
Copy it in this directory here.
New file destroy dot.
Yes there it is.
Paste in the contents.
Remember to save.
And let's have a look at it.
Uh, it uh doesn't have any, any automated reasons.