Okay, let's do this.
So I bring up a new terminal.
I'm nervous.
I got to admit, we've done quite a lot.
Uh, here we go.
New terminal.
So, uh, git status tells us the situation.
We've got these two deploy scripts, two destroy scripts, and we've got, uh, the Terraform backend
that we've added as well.
Um, and it doesn't show us here, but we've also got the, the GitHub part of it too.
So let's do git add.
It doesn't show us.
Sorry, because it's just showing us the whole directory there.
When we do git add dot.
Now we do a git status.
We should see everything.
Here it is.
We've got the destroy and deploy workflow ready to go.
And then all of our updates to the scripts and backend.
Git.
Commit minus m could be famous last words.
It may not work.
First time.
We'll see.
And then git push and we'll see what happens.
Off it goes.
Let's go over to GitHub.
So here we are in GitHub again.
We come up and now we go to actions at the top here.
Press there.
And right away we see that there's a workflow that is running called add Cicd with GitHub actions.
It's yellow and it's running.
And you can see on the top left here there's there's two workflows deploy digital twin and destroy environment.
And if I click on that first workflow we can see right here that it is running.
And if I click in on this then we come in here and we see it's been running for 50 52 seconds now deploying
to dev.
Uh, and uh, things are happening and we're hoping that this is going to complete and our twin will
have been deployed.
Remember, we destroyed all infrastructure.
So there's there's no digital twin right now.
Uh, and it is hopefully deploying as we speak.
Click into it.
We can actually see what's going on.
We can watch it happening.
It's, uh, no surprise.
Of course.
It's in the cloud distribution part.
Let's just scroll up and see what's been happening before this point.
Uh, we see in, in in here running the deployment script, we see all of the different tasks.
It checked out the code, configured the AWS credentials, set up Python, installed UV set up, Terraform
set up node.
It's currently running the deployment script.
Here you can see all of it going uh, this is super familiar.
I hope this is the part where it where it builds the, uh, the Lambda package and then zips it up,
creating the Lambda deployment package, creating the zip file, initializing the backend.
Uh, S3 uh, and, uh, yes, you can see, see all that's happening.
Uh, I'm obviously not going to be able to keep this running commentary going for the full five minutes
that it takes to, uh, to, to set up, uh, the CloudFront distribution.
So I'll do the usual thing of going to the future.
But this is so exciting.
I'm going to be to be riveted looking at this and hoping for a home run and a first time deploy live.
Fingers crossed.
Let's see.
So I can't resist giving you like, the live action commentary.
It just completed CloudFront.
It's going super fast.
Uh, and uh, it's just, um, it's now because it's now done the deployment.
It's got the bucket name and the memory bucket.
But what it now needs to do is, of course, that final step of now building the front end package and
deploying that with the right variables so that it has the right fetch URL so that the front end fetches
the right back end.
So that's what it's just compiled the Next.js page while I watch it.
Just uh, this this this will run faster than I can speak.
It's just, uh, finished that it got the deployment.
Um, it's invalidated CloudFront so that the, the it refreshes with the very latest and it's just saying
as the deployment summary, deployment complete CloudFront URL, API gateway, front end bucket and
it's all finished successfully complete job.
So, uh, I've been following along.
You obviously don't need to.
What you may well have done is just have gone to this, uh, this, this job, and you'll have seen
this list of tasks that all ran successfully.
The biggest one, of course, was the five minutes spent mostly configuring CloudFront.
And what you can simply do is open up this deployment summary here, and you see a little report of
where to go.
And this tells you where we will find our running deployment.
Let's try that now.
So here we go I'm going to press uh link on on this link on the CloudFront URL.
Earl.
And up comes a digital twin.
Uh.
Hi there.
Does it work?
Fingers crossed.
Is it going to get to our back end?
Is it going to call AWS?
And there we go.
It worked.
It worked.
Do you like cheese?
Why not?
Do you like cheese?
Let's see.
Ah, there we go.
We get a good answer.
So.
Wow.
Ha!
Uh, it it just worked.
Uh, again.
Uh, we this is this is very sophisticated.
And if this is the first time that you've built, like, a CI, CD pipeline, you might be thinking
this was an awful lot of work.
It was a huge amount of configuration and faffing around with with that Terraform stuff and with AWS
permissions.
But you may not appreciate if you haven't.
If you're not from a DevOps background or you haven't gone through and set up like a Jenkins pipeline
before, you might not know how grueling this can be.
This can be like weeks of work to set up a reliable, uh, process that can deploy build infrastructure
automatically and deploy to to to dev like this on doing a git push that kind of thing is really, really
hard.
And so the fact that we got all of this done during during one day is in fact fantastic.
And you should be blown away by by, dare I say it, by how easy this was.
It probably didn't feel that easy, but, but but we did get it all done and it worked.
And if yours isn't working, got some error, then roll up sleeves.
I imagine there's gonna be just something, somewhere so easy.
Any any tiny typo can cause a problem and they can be quite hard to track down.
So.
So that will be something for you.
But I'm hoping that you've had the same experience as me here.
And it just worked.
And it's set up and it's deployed.
And that is really, really cool.
Uh, and, uh, just to show you one more time, if we if we go back to GitHub actions again, I'm just
going to go, go right back.
If it's supposing that we were looking at our code right here, we could click on actions.
This brings up GitHub actions.
Here you see the one the workflow run that we just did.
You can see that it's my only run and it was successful.
First time a beginner's luck.
Uh, and uh I'm going to click on uh Deploy Digital Twin over here to look at the this this workflow.
Here it is.
It ran nine minutes ago.
You can click in on it.
Uh, there it is.
Deploy to dev.
Uh, that took five minutes and 29 seconds.
You click into this, you see the different steps.
You come down to deployment.
Summary.
This is where you go to get your URL for this deployment.
Okay.
Congratulations.
Uh, and uh, we will do a little bit more testing.
The next thing to show you is that we just deployed to dev by just doing a git push, just doing a git
push.
And off it went to dev and built the infrastructure.
And it's a go.
You might be wondering, okay, how about, uh, how do we do test and and prod?
Well, we've got that set up.
So you have to do that manually.
You have to kick that off manually.
You manually.
You don't have to do anything manual.
You have to you have to trigger it manually.
Not not on a git push.
But of course you can set things up in GitHub actions.
You can do clever stuff like when someone accepts a PR review or does something.
It can all happen automatically, but for now we are going to do it manually.
And the way that you trigger that is that we go we go to GitHub actions over here we go to Deploy Digital
Twin.
This workflow over on the right here is a button run workflow.
We press that drop down.
We say that we want to deploy to test.
You see how easy this is.
And we press Run workflow.
And that is now going to run a deployment to test.
And one of the things that maybe you're wondering I don't know is uh, okay.
But so basically the first time we run this, we want it to create all of the infrastructure subsequent
times.
We just want it to, to deploy.
How is that going to work?
And the answer is that that that works.
By the magic of Terraform.
Terraform automatically has the state.
It knows the resources that are there, and Terraform just handles not recreating things when they already
exist.
So that is just something that we just trust with Terraform.
That's that's what it's all about.
That that idea, not only is it good at creating and destroying infrastructure, but it's also good
at maintaining state.
So you can just run the Terraform script again and it knows not to duplicate infrastructure.
Uh, that's that's what it's all about.
So we're now running the deploy digital twin, uh, to the test environment.
And this time I won't get overexcited and give you a running commentary.
I will come back in a minute or in five minutes when this has deployed, so we can check it out.
And here we are seeing a green tick by deploy digital twin.
Uh, so two runs, two green ticks.
This is looking good.
We go into here we click on deploy to test.
We come down to the deployment summary step.
Deployment complete.
Here's the CloudFront URL.
Ready.
Drum roll.
Click on this.
Up it comes.
Uh.
Hi there.
And where we go.
It's working.
It's working.
I'm very happy to see that.
Indeed.
Okay.
And now back to deploy Digital Twin.
It's time for us to kick off our production deployment.
So back we go.
Uh, to, uh, to, to, um, the we'll start with actions and then go to deploy Digital Twin.
And then over here we come to run workflow and we're going to choose Production prod.
And we press Run workflow and off it goes.
Any second now we should see our new workflow running.
Is it going to be a hat trick.
Am I going to have three for three all successful first time?
Uh, we'll soon find out.
It's, uh.
There it goes.
Off it starts.
Uh, I will, uh, leave you again.
Five minutes for me, a couple of seconds for you, and we'll see if this completes as well.
Okay, here we go.
Three for three.
Uh, am I daring things?
Not.
Not even going to go in there.
I'm just gonna open up a new tab and type add Digital Twin.
And here we are.
Here we have it.
Uh, wow.
Uh, this is our digital twin live on the internet.
Let's say, uh.
Hi there.
Uh, check before I.
Before I declare victory too early.
Let's hope we get back a response.
Now, serve me right if we get some failure, but.
Well, no, we get a very meaty response indeed.
There we go.
We have our AI in production deployed three for three.
That's really cool.
I hope you're having the same experience.
I hope that you, now, through the power of GitHub actions, have been able to deploy your latest code
to dev, to test and to production.
And you, like me, have three apps running here, uh, with uh, one of them being on a public URL.
Uh, congratulations.