And another thing.
Just one more thing to wrap this up.
Let's make a change to the code.
Let's change something in the code.
Do a git push.
See it all happen automatically.
Let's make our digital twin a bit better.
And let's start by adding a little profile.
Picture an avatar to appear instead of that little robot on the left.
It's a tiny thing, but it's kind of fun.
So if you look in front end in, I'm back in cursor, obviously looking at the twin, uh, project,
which is now a repo, I can now say looking at the twin repo front end, look at the public folder.
Uh, we're going to drop in this folder a new file called avatar, which should be your favorite little
profile picture of yourself.
I've dropped one right here.
I don't have a PNG, I've got a JPEG, so I'm going to make it avatar JPEG.
Um, and I'm dropping that in the public folder.
Move.
There we go.
You can copy and paste it from your file system avatar JPEG.
And now we're going to update the twin component.
And we're actually going to make two changes to the twin component points.
We're going to update it to look for avatar or JPEG.
And we're also going to fix that tiresome problem that has probably been irritating you that when you're
chatting with your twin, every time you press enter, that field loses focus and you have to click
back in it again to send your next message.
Infuriating.
And of course, we should fix it.
I mentioned we were going to fix it, and you might have been thinking I forgot about that because it
was ages ago, but I didn't forget.
This is what I had in store for you fixing it when we do the git push for an auto deploy.
All right.
So we're going to select this right here this new version.
Here it is.
Here it is.
It's it's I mean it's basically the same just just with those couple of extra parts in it.
So I'm now going to go back.
It feels like such a long time ago.
We were in twin TSX, select all paste and save and now all I have to do myself is just look for avatar
PNG and replace it with with avatar JPEG.
So let's do avatar dot png.
Uh, so I will change even the comments to JPEG.
You don't need to do this if you have a PNG file.
Uh, where next.
And here.
And where next?
Here.
Oopsie.
There we go.
Selected everything.
Jpeg.
And one more.
Yeah.
There we go.
JPEG.
Done.
No more results.
Save.
All right.
It's now avatar JPEG for me.
Still PNG for you, I hope.
And, uh, that is our change.
Okay, back to the guide.
Let's see what we're meant to do next.
We just meant to commit and push the fix.
There's one other change I want to make as well for the other change.
Have you noticed?
It looks a bit janky that when we bring up our digital twin, the.
The title says, like, create next app or something?
Um, and it just looks a little bit amateur.
And the favicon, the little, uh, icon in the in the browser tab is like a is like a standard.
Uh, I think it's a next app kind of icon.
We should fix those things right now.
So it's actually super easy to fix.
Uh, we just come up to the app folder and you'll see in there is a favicon, uh, icon, which let's
see what it is that, that is the Next.js.
So we want to get rid of that, which we'll just right click and delete it, move to trash.
And uh, then there's also a layout page which has within it this title create next app.
Let's change that to honor, uh, Donna's digital twin.
There we go.
That will do.
Description.
An AI AI career twin for ad Donna.
Uh, representing ad Donna.
Okay.
Along with recent news, cursor thinks, uh, okay, this seems good.
Uh, and I just have to.
I've also got my, uh, favicon right here.
I just made a little, little favicon.
If you don't know how to make them, then, then you just Google it.
There's, like, endless, uh, tools for this, and I just have to drag that.
Let's just collapse some of these other things that are holding me up here.
Collapse that.
And where does it need to go?
It needs to go in the app page.
Um, here it is.
Favicon goes in the app folder.
I mean there it goes.
Move in it goes.
I should mention when we, when we deploy this favicons get cached by the browser.
So this this little extra piece might not actually appear.
Uh, but anyways, that's another change for us to make.
Uh, so those are a few minor enhancements.
What do we do next?
Well, we have to do so much work to go and and, uh, prepare everything for deployment.
No, we don't.
Of course, it's going to be very simple.
Git status.
Uh, there are the files we've changed.
We've we've added the favicon, we changed the layout, we changed TSX, and we put, um, an avatar
in it.
End public.
Right.
That's where we were told to put it.
Yes.
Okay.
Good.
So now we do uh git add dot git status again.
Always worth checking what we see.
There are our four changes ready to be made.
Git commit.
Various UI refinements.
And we do a git push and that should be it.
Git push.
There we go.
Off it goes.
Somewhere on the internet.
GitHub is whirring up and it's setting up its VM.
It's running the workflow.
It's going to be looking in our S3 buckets for Terraform states.
That's going to be hitting AWS.
Everything will be happening.
Let's go and take a look.
I've just quickly I've gone over to GitHub.
I've gone to actions.
We can see that this is busily running various UI refinements.
It's happening deploying to dev.
It's been going for a minute.
It's currently uh.
No doubt.
Uh, where are we?
It's, uh it's it's moving pretty quickly.
It's, uh, in our favorite place.
No surprise.
Shockingly.
And, uh, I will let this do its thing, and I'll be right back with you.
Well, here we are, back at GitHub actions again, and we're four for four for green ticks.
That's what I like to see.
Uh, okay.
So now we go into this workflow into deploy to dev.
We scroll down, we go to Deployment Summary and we have a CloudFront URL right here.
We'll add it in here.
First thing you notice right away Edna's digital twin.
We've got a different title to the others.
As I warned you, the favicon hasn't updated because browsers cached them, but hopefully that will
at some point update.
But it's cool to see that change immediately there.
Hello, I'm interested to see that avatar.
Were you expecting that as well?
Uh, and now I'll say hi there and we press send that in and you can see my little avatar there as I'm
thinking.
And you can see we've got focus back there.
No more need to click any more.
Our UI refinements have been deployed.
It worked perfectly flawlessly.
Four times out of four.
You've just seen how easy it is, how incredibly easy it is to make some changes to the app, do a git
push and Bam!
They're deployed live on the internet, available publicly.
I would say that that is success.