And so there's a few activities for us to do to wrap up, after this amazing week and a huge amount
of infrastructure we've built.
First of all, you should yourself go in as your IAM user and look at CloudWatch and use that as a way
to track things like the calls, the invocations of the of Nova through bedrock and look at the logs,
look at the lambda logs, satisfy yourself of everything that's going on across your different environments.
We showed how to do that before, so you should now be an expert at that.
And so so go do that.
And then what I want to share with you is, is another AWS thing which for which we need to go in as
the root user.
I have logged in here as the root user.
Look at the top right.
You can see it's my name.
We are indeed in as the root.
And I'm going to search now for something new, a new one we're going to look at which is going to be
the AWS Resource Explorer.
Um, this is something we can do to get an overview of all of the different AWS resources that we currently
have running.
And I'm going to type twin so that we can have a look at all of the different twin related resources.
You can see.
There's some for tests, there's some for prod, there's some for dev, there's S3 buckets, there's
there's all sorts of stuff going on, lots of different things that we have running related to our twin.
And with that, the next thing in store for us is to get rid of them.
Let's destroy them all.
We could go through this console and spend an awfully long time destroying them all.
Or we could use that other convenient GitHub workflow that we set up, which just calls our destroy
script that we wrote before.
Let's do that.
So back we are in GitHub GitHub actions.
Uh, and we're going to go to this is this is all of our workflows that we're seeing right here.
We're going to go to the destroy environment workflow.
Here it is.
It's not been run yet.
We're going to click here.
And we're going to start by destroying the dev environment.
It's one of these tabs here that's running.
Let's look at that.
This environment destroy.
We have to type the environment name again to destroy it.
A little check that we've got in there clicking to run the workflow.
Off it goes.
In a second, this screen should refresh to show that it's running, and when it does so I'll click
in on it so we can watch it anxiously.
There it is.
Click on it.
Here it goes.
Click in on it again to see the steps that are going on.
It's running the destroy script right now.
Look at it.
I'm not touching anything.
If you think that I'm running this, this is a machinery in in motion.
And as usual, it's going to get hung up on CloudFront, which is where it takes time.
Look at all that so much stuff happening, destruction complete and that all finished.
And it does say environment dev has been destroyed.
That's another successful job for us.
Okay so back to GitHub actions uh, to destroy.
Look at that.
Now we're five greens.
Uh, can I make this a complete home run?
Next up, time to destroy the test Environment.
Test.
Test.
Run.
Workflow.
And off we go.
Destroying test.
See you in a second.
And you're probably getting bored of this by now.
But sure enough, the second one ran successfully.
So now we just come on in.
We do run workflow.
Now it's time for us to kick off the production destruction prod.
We type prod again to confirm the destruction, press the workflow button, let it do its thinking and
I will see you back in a minute.
And there we have it.
Production also destroyed three successful destroys run for dev and Test and Prod.
And so if we go to all of our workflows here, we have the the three original deploys, the UI refinements
push and the three destroys.
All looking good.
And presumably if we now come over here and try and hit this, we get a page cannot be displayed.
We try and hit this page can't be displayed and page cannot be displayed.
And you get the message.
Page cannot be displayed.
We have success.
And now if we go back to AWS in as the root user, go into the AWS Resource Explorer and search again
for twin.
I think it was like 35 or something.
Resources.
Before there's now 13 resources.
There's still some resources.
Why why is that you ask?
Well, unless you already know why that is.
Uh, first of all, there's some logs here and logs may hang around.
That seems like a fine thing.
And then the other stuff is the DynamoDB with the the Terraform locks and the role that we set up.
And the S3 bucket.
This is the kind of one time not associated with any environment, but set up for GitHub actions, and
we wouldn't want to delete that.
So that is all still here along with this thing here is from a different, different setup I did.
You can ignore that one.
And there's also that dashboard that I set up.
Now these Terraform states that these do these do cost something.
If you're not on your free, uh period then there is a tiny, tiny charge associated with them.
So should you be completely done with the twin project?
You can go out and and delete all of these as well.
Um, but it is really very, very small.
Um, but otherwise you can see for sure we're down to the bare bones.
We're down to like the configuration stuff, the actual environments, the, the real Lambda, S3,
CloudFront, and API gateways associated with our three environments have all been completely destroyed,
and the resources is the right place to do this, to find it out.
And just before we leave the AWS console, there's something else that we should do that you should
always do every so often, which is come in and look at billing and cost management, billing and cost
management.
And my numbers are probably ticking up for various other reasons, but yours should not be, uh, you
should come into this.
You should see your costs.
You should see a little chart here of what you're spending money on.
And you should be absolutely sure that it's what you expect, that everything is looking good.
You can always come in and analyze your costs.
You can see what's costing what, if anything, is costing anything.
And if you have anything that is costing that you're not expecting, then go in and delete it.
And that is part of your healthy cost management, budget management that you should do on a regular
basis.
Okay.
With that, that that really does conclude the lab for today.
It was quite a long lab but but wow we got a lot done.
Let's go back for the wrap up.
Now look, I've got to come clean with you.
I hope that you got six green checks right there.
And you have had full success first time round, and I made out as if I did, too.
But as you probably guessed, that's not entirely accurate.
It.
Whilst it is true I did have six greens there, I'm not perhaps completely revealing the fact that this
is not my first time running this particular project.
Uh, but that in preparation for this course, I of course set this up and ran it a couple of times.
And believe me, I've had my fair share of reds.
Uh, and, uh, I have, I have, but my head against the wall, as you probably have had to to.
But I was writing all of that, that code the first time and made plenty of mistakes along the way.
So it is.
It's something.
It's an experience.
You get better and better at it.
That's where the real learning happens.
So if you've been cursing, uh, hopefully not cursing me, but cursing, cursing, Terraform and GitHub
actions all, all the last few days, then that's par for the course.
That's what it takes.
And as a result, you now have deeper expertise than your friends who happen to get lucky and have green.
First time you did better than them.
Uh, and I should also reveal that while I've talked about this week as if it's a one week, uh, part
of the course, uh, it took me way longer than a week to get everything working properly.
And so this this is definitely.
It feels like this whole course every week is really beefy.
And we got so much done.
And if it took you a lot longer than a week, then, then I'm not surprised.
I think it's a week.
If you really did, did very little else for a week.
Uh, there's a lot packed in.
But anyways, we built a digital twin app with memory in day one.
After talking about different architectures, we then deployed it to AWS using the AWS console that
involved building a serverless architecture using Lambda.
S3 API gateway CloudFront.
And we wrote Terraform scripts to create and destroy three different mirror environments where the production
environment.
We also used a registered domain name and set up the DNS configuration associated with that, including
SSL certs.
And then we automated everything with GitHub actions so that we can git push to deploy.
We can promote between environments and we can destroy environments.
That is what we got done this week.
Wow.
Oh and yes we also were using Amazon Bedrock and we connected with Amazon's Nova Foundation models.
There were some AI.
There were some AI in this.
Uh, so as before to to make the point that putting AI into production has AI involved through an AI
lens.
But a lot of the work is like core platform engineering stuff.
But hopefully I've taken you through this always with that AI lens.
like the conversation history as well.
And this brings me to the assignment for you.
So some of you may have taken my AI course and already built a digital twin that had nothing like the
production capability.
It was a Gradio app, but what it did have was things like the use of tools to be smarter.
So if the person asks a question that it doesn't know, it's able to look it up and record.
It's able to look up the record.
The fact that it didn't know the answer, it's able to send a push notification.
And we also record some some of the details.
And my suggestion for you is now is your opportunity to go and beef up this, this, uh, llm this,
this application, whether or not you've taken the Agentic course, you should still be able to dig
in and get this done, add in some tools, uh, perhaps use an S3 bucket to record questions that the
LLM doesn't know the answers to, and to look up what's been answered in the past, and also to record
contact details and add that S3 bucket to your Terraform scripts and deploy with GitHub actions.
Do everything back to front so that the, the the digital twin that you have deployed to production
on your public URL is a fully functional, powerful digital twin.
And you can share that repo so that everyone can see your expertise.
And if you have any troubles doing that, particularly adding in that extra functionality, then message
me.
That's what I'm there for, particularly when it comes to coding.
That's where I can really help quickly.
So do get in touch.
And when you successfully do this and you deploy your digital twin, whether or not you've added more
functionality, please post about it on LinkedIn, get people excited about it.
And if you tag me and say, look at my digital twin, uh, the I will weigh in, I will jump in and
I will try it out, of course.
Uh, and then I'll weigh in with some comments.
And that way it amplifies what you've done around the community and to other people that I'm connected
with and generally on LinkedIn helps shine a spotlight on your achievements and your expertise.
And with that, congratulations on getting to halfway to Completing and surviving week two.
What a week.
Uh, Congratulations on that now.
My editor would kill me if I didn't just mention the fact that if you have a moment to go in and rate
this course on Udemy, it makes an enormous difference.
That's how it's one of the main ways Udemy decides whether or not to show this course to other people.
And it's it's so big to to build a community around the course and getting people hearing about it is,
is the biggest part of the challenge.
So racing the course makes a massive difference and I'd be super, super grateful.
So, uh, yes, please.
Uh, and with that, that does finally bring us to the wrap up for week two.
This is where we are.
Look at all those filled in boxes.
It's been an enormous week.
Going forwards.
We will only use Terraform.
No more clicking around consoles for us next week.
I've got GCP, I've got Azure, I've got SageMaker, more AI.
We've got some vectors and we've got MCP.
There's so much to look forward to.
It's a lot more AI ish.
Next week you'll be pleased to hear Core Platform Engineering.
You're now an expert.
It's time for more AI.
It's time for week three.
I'll see you then.