Now, if you're thinking there's a lot of talking going on in this and you're wanting to get to action,
never fear.
We're about to get to action.
Give me one more second.
A couple more slides, particularly the front end.
People are probably getting pretty bored at this point.
But we'll get there.
We'll get there.
Uh, react a few words about what react is.
It is, of course, this this kind of JavaScript front end framework that is component based.
It's made of building blocks, the building blocks.
Each block has kind of markup and styles and logic packaged together in such a way that you can assemble
user interfaces by bringing together these different components.
It's what's called declarative, which means the way that you write a piece of react is you just describe
what your UI should look like given a particular state of the world, given a state of your of your,
uh, of your information, this is how the UI should be represented.
And the way react works behind the scenes is that it's every time any state changes, it's recalling
your code to figure out what you now think the UI should look like.
And it doesn't redraw the whole UI because that would look really clumsy on the screen, but it automatically
looks at what's changed in the Dom before you change the state and afterwards.
And then it only updates the parts of the UI that have changed.
And that's really ingenious.
In the old days, you had to write tons and tons of logic when something changed to try and figure out
what on the UI had to be updated.
And you don't need to do that anymore.
You simply describe the whole screen and the react framework takes care.
Every time something changes of figuring out what needs to be updated on your UI.
And react has two concepts that you'll see come through when we use it quite a lot, and they're known
as props and state props is short for properties, and this represents information about your user interface
that gets passed down from higher level components down to the smaller components, and controls the
way that they should present themselves.
Those are called props properties.
Don't worry if it sounds abstract.
It will hopefully come together when you see examples and then state is exactly what it sounds like.
That is representing the kind of information, the state, the status of the information that you're
presenting to the user.
Uh, and that's, that's something which your components are responsible for managing and react figures
out how to redraw your screen as state changes JSX and TSX, uh, for JavaScript and TypeScript, are
special types of document that are a kind of hybrid between HTML and between JavaScript and TypeScript.
Jsts are their acronyms.
Uh, and and when you'll see it, you'll see it's kind of curious.
It's like a mixture of the two.
There's some HTML in there and then suddenly some code in there.
And it's just this really convenient format.
Before this format existed, you had to have lots of basically lots of lots of JavaScript or TypeScript
code that kind of forced in strings with with different bits of markup at various points.
And it was very clumsy and JSX TSX are just nice, elegant ways of doing it.
That makes your life easy.
And you'll see we'll be using TypeScript TSX everywhere.
And uh, you'll get you'll get very comfortable with it once you've seen it a thousand times.
And then the other thing about the world of react is that it can't be stated enough.
It's such a rich ecosystem.
There are so many frameworks, react frameworks, react components that you can include and then just
throw onto your screen, uh, it makes it just really easy to plug and play different components.
And there are component libraries which are suites of components.
Material UI is maybe the most famous.
There's one called chakra that's becoming increasingly popular.
These these are whole libraries full of different components that will work nicely together.
And you can use to build a user interface very quickly indeed.
All right.
So now to complete the picture, let me tell you about Next.js, the application framework that's built
on top of react.
And it brings together a number of other frameworks so that you can just hit the ground running with
react.
And Next.js is actually built by vessel, the company behind the cloud AI deployment that we did yesterday
and that we're going to do again today.
Uh, and it's a Silicon Valley based, very developer centric company that came up with Next.js.
And Next.js is great because it brings so much functionality out of the box.
Good to go.
It includes two different implementations of something called a router routing functionality.
And this is the functionality that controls when a user clicks on different sections of your application.
What what gets drawn routing around your application.
The first of them is known as the pages router.
And you can tell you're in this this world when you have a subdirectory called pages, and this is the
simpler of the two approaches.
It's the most trusted.
It's very common indeed.
The other one is called app router.
And you can tell because you have a directory called app and it's the newer flavor, it's more powerful.
It's also now recently become the recommended approach to use by Next.js themselves.
Now for this course we're going to mix and match.
We're going to start this week by using the pages router.
Because one of the frameworks we're going to use for for authentication only supports the pages router,
as I discovered, to my detriment, when I built it all with the router, I had to pull it all out.
But but anyways, that's just one of those things.
So that's an example.
Pages router is more supported because it used to be the only one.
Uh, so we'll start with that next week.
We'll probably use router.
So you've got some exposure to that as well.
And then we might come back to pages router.
We will see pages themselves can be rendered the the JavaScript can be converted into the final form,
either in the browser on the client side, or it's becoming increasingly common to actually have JavaScript
running on your server side and create the final web page on your server, and then serve that up to
the client.
There's there's tons of arguments for and against doing it that way.
For this course, we're going to stick with the client side approach, which is the more traditional
approach and is simpler and is going to fit better with what we're doing.
But if you're interested, then do read up about server side.
And Next.js includes a lot of tooling to do things.
There's something called Transpiling, which is what it's called when you convert.
We're going to be using TypeScript and writing with modern TypeScript.
And not all browsers actually, browsers don't support that.
And the way it actually works is that behind the scenes, Next.js will convert this advanced TypeScript
into vanilla JavaScript, and that's what gets sent to the browser in an efficient way where it's all
packed together.
And that process is known as bundling.
When all of your, your, your nice TypeScript gets turned into vanilla JavaScript and put into nice
bundles.
And you don't need to know about any of that.
All you focus on is writing great TypeScript, and Next.js handles everything else for you.
Now, I do imagine most of the people taking this course are familiar with backend development.
Like me, I'm actually a backend type so that Java, the JavaScript frameworks might be somewhat new.
I'm sure you've heard of them.
All the Python backend frameworks you're probably very familiar with, but let me just place them out
there.
The three that you hear about a lot, Django is the most heavyweight of them.
It's the one that is very much what people call batteries included, meaning that it comes with tons
of functionality packaged in like an ORM, an object relational mapping that goes from your Python code
to your database authentication stuff.
Templating.
It even has its own UI for admin.
Then flask is the opposite.
Extreme flask is known as a micro framework because it's super simple.
It just deals with the basic like putting your API routes, handling the requests.
It's really quick to get started with a flask app, but you do need to add things on.
You need to pick and choose other frameworks to combine with it.
And then somewhere in the middle between these two, but super popular at the moment for good reason
is fast API.
Fast API is modern.
It uses a lot of async.
Uh, it's built on very popular, uh, libraries, starlet and pedantic, which anyone's been on.
The agent course knows pedantic only too well.
A great framework for describing, uh, schema behind objects, and it's built into fast API.
That's how you define your routes, and it's very much optimized for writing a server, which is all
about servicing API endpoints and fast API is what we'll be using throughout this course.
And it's incredibly popular these days.
Okay.
And then a final piece of admin before we get to our lab.
And then the rest of today will be lab lab lab.
But admin.
Okay.
So the repo situation, how I'm going to handle code for this course is a little bit more involved than
previous courses for very good reason.
So my previous courses there's been one repo for the course.
And so you do a git clone and you get the repo.
And that's what you use for the entire duration of the course.
But it's not going to be that simple this time.
There's basically going to be a different repo for every week of the course.
Uh, and part of the reason for that is that since we're building production apps, I want you to get
used to the whole process of setting up a repo for a project and building it from scratch, and one
repo representing one application.
There are also some more basic reasons that we're going to be using things like GitHub actions, which
is how you have a repo be able to deploy itself to production when you do a git push or to development,
then then you promote the production.
And in order to do that, of course, we need to have the the one repo for deployment.
And the pros amongst you will say, well you don't have to, you can have monorepos, you can do all
sorts of clever stuff, but that would overcomplicate it and it's not what we want.
So that's why I'm doing it this way.
So for this week we're going to start.
There's going to be one main repo called production.
And the first step that we're going to go and do is git clone that repo.
So you have a local copy on your disk of the repo.
That's called production.
And we're then going to go and build another repo for for today's course it contains a folder called
week one which has instructions for each day.
And that's what we used of course.
Uh, yesterday when we when we looked at the day one, we went to this repo on GitHub and read those
instructions.
And today we're going to create a new repo from scratch.
It's going to be called SaaS for software as a service, because we're going to build like a commercial
app, which is eventually going to have subscription and, and authentication, all sorts of great stuff.
It also has a guides folder with a bunch of self-study guides.
And this is more important than ever, because there's going to be so much peripheral information.
We're going to cover around things like Docker and front end and all the rest of it.
There's going to be a lot of extra information for you to go and do some more research if you want,
so please keep those guides to hand.
I think they'll come in really handy.
And it also has a community contributions folder, and I've been thrilled with the way people have contributed
so much to the other courses.
This one's a bit different.
It's harder to to imagine how we do community contributions, when a lot of what we're going to be doing
is going to be setting things up.
And so what I'm going to suggest is that when you set things up, when you have something to share,
which could be a troubleshooting tip, or it could be a whole repo that you've set up.
You could write your own little markdown file with with your name in it, and with what you've done,
and put that in community contributions, perhaps linking to your own repo, and then submit that as
a PR to me.
There'll be instructions in the guides.
If this is this all is new language to you.
Instructions on how to do a PR.
Um, and I'm hoping that people will be able to, to submit contributions.
It's just going to be like a page, a markdown page describing what they've done, linking to their
repo or troubleshooting tip.
And that way we'll be able to keep up this, this culture of community contributions coming into this
repo, even in a slightly different setting of doing production projects.
All right, that's enough of the admin stuff.
It's time now for us to go to the lab and get get going with some coding.
So roll up your sleeves and I will see you in cursor.