But wait, there's more.
As they say, we've got a bit more to do to finish off today.
Uh, the the instructions suggest that you do a vassal minus minus prod.
It's actually not required.
We've already deployed to production.
But.
But you can do it if you wish.
We'll do it again in a minute.
I just want to add in real time streaming, which I said we would do, and that that was actually not
not yet streaming.
Um, and I also want to show the results in markdown looking more elegant than they just looked.
So first of all, we've got a few packages to install.
And I mentioned that one of the great things about react is how there are such a huge ecosystem of different
libraries.
Here's a bunch that allow us to show markdown, uh, in, in a front end widget.
So I'm just going to within in the sass folder, I'm going to run that npm install function, and it's
going to go ahead and install a bunch of node packages.
They've all happened.
And now we're going to update index dot TSX.
Let me close that.
Get out of the way there.
We're going to update index dot TSX to make that a bit juicier.
Here it is.
Copy that.
Go to index dot TSX, select all and paste.
And the main thing that's different here is that it's handling the streaming back of information from
the server.
Nicely you can look through this code if you want to see how this works.
And it's also got something that uh, uses a plugin, a component called React Markdown, which gives
us a nice formatted, um, component that can take markdown instead of just text.
Um, and it's a classic example of the kind of react component you can take off the shelf.
Okay, so that's Index.ts.
Let's go back to the instructions.
And next, it's also got a little description here of the different tailwind classes that we're using
and how you can interpret them.
Uh, we do also need to actually install a plugin so that this is going to work properly.
So we'll go back to the terminal, run that npm install npm install for backend people like me is like
pip install for front end people.
Uh, and, uh.
All right, back we go.
Here.
Okay.
And now we just have to, of course, update the backend index.py so that it streams back results to
the client.
So let me copy that.
I'm going to index.py over here.
Select all of this, paste in the new version and take a look at it.
You can see that it's client completions passing in stream equals true.
And with what comes back, we stream it back to the front end by returning a streaming response, which
is a fast API type.
We will automatically be using this, this, this, uh, type this this thing called SE, which is a
way that servers can stream back results to the client.
Okay, now, uh, we can just, uh, deploy it and see how that works.
So let's bring up this do vessel.
Dot.
Spell.
Vessel.
Right.
Vessel dot.
As I say this time, because it's the second time that we're doing it, it's not going to deploy it
to production.
It's going to deploy it to a different environment.
That's called preview.
So then production, the link from earlier will continue to be the original version.
And preview is going to show this newer version.
And we'll stick at preview until we've done the new version.
And then we'll push that to production.
And that gives you the sense of how you can have multiple environments with vessel and be able to move
between them.
The first time you ever deploy for a project, it goes to production and then subsequent times are going
to preview first.
So let it do its thing and I will see you when this completes.
All right.
That's done.
And now as before I command click on preview I press open up.
It comes and it says loading.
GPT five does take a long period of thinking.
First, if we were using something like, uh, for one nano or for zero, then.
But here we go.
Look at that.
Streaming comes very nicely.
Streaming faster than I can scroll, but it is indeed streaming back.
And you might be interested to see there's no markdown there, but don't worry.
Hold that thought.
Hold that thought.
We will come back to it.
Okay, back we come.
Close the terminal.
Let's go on to the professional styling section.
So the first thing we need to do is a bit janky.
We need to take a bunch of styles that are standard HTML styles and put them at the end of our styles.
And the reason we need to do this is subtle.
Uh, tailwind adds all of these new styles, but it also hides the original standard styles like H2
and H3 because they're not needed anymore in a tailwind world.
But we are using these because of our markdown component.
So for it to look proper, we actually have to include all of these traditional styles so we can go
to sorry, not public into styles and into globals.
And at the end here we can just paste all of these traditional styles, just put it in at the end.
Don't don't replace what's there.
We need what's already there.
But add that in there okay.
And after doing that, uh, we also want to update the prompt in Index.py to encourage the LM to use
markdown nicely.
So if I go up to index.py I'm going to overwrite this here, this prompt to something which says reply
with a new business idea for AI agents formatted with headings, subheadings, and bullet points to
really make it irresistible.
Llms love generating markdown, but with something like this, it will be irresistible.
It's gonna it's gonna desperately generate markdown.
Okay.
And then finally we're just going to update index dot TSX to look a little bit nicer.
This is index dot TSX.
So we will take all of this and go to index dot TSX.
Select all paste save done.
Uh and you can look through this look at some front end code in your own time.
Uh, I don't mind telling you I am a terrible front end coder.
I have very little sense of style when it comes to front end.
Uh, my my wizardry with Lmms does not translate to react, but, uh, llms are great at it.
And so, in fact, this was mostly generated by Claude code with me doing a bit of tweaking here and
there.
Uh, no surprise.
Um, but I'm sure front end people on this will be able to do much better.
And I look forward to seeing your designs.
Uh, please do share them.
Okay, back to the back to the instructions.
Uh, and we're ready to deploy.
Uh, and this time, we'll just deploy all the way to production.
So this is this is the command Vercel dot deploys to the preview environment.
Vercel minus minus prod goes straight to production.
And just so that we've tried that too.
We will do that.
Um, sorry.
Copy that properly.
Bring up the terminal.
Paste that in there.
Off it goes and I will see you in a second with the results.
Okay.
And it's deployed to production as before.
I will click here to open this up and to see what we have.
And you can see first of all it looks fancy.
It looks fancy.
Check this out.
AI powered innovation at your fingertips.
Generating business idea like pulses on and off.
You can see the tailwind styling that achieves that.
While it's thinking.
We're hoping for nice markdown formatted business idea.
Here it comes.
What we can see is some nice heading stuff.
Sometimes the headings are bigger and nice organized, bulleted, uh, sections with lots of information
here.
Uh, and even a team blueprint I just saw.
Let's just see what the, the basic idea is.
It's the same idea AI agents as a service for SMB operations.
I guess operations is the new angle here.
So there you have it.
This is the business idea generator, uh, deployed to production.
You may remember from day one that right now it's got the, uh, vessel authentication security around
it so that only you will be able to use this logged into vessel.
But you probably remember, you can go into vessel, go to this app, go to the settings page to to
expose it to the internet.
Should you wish this particular app of yours to be exposed out there to everybody.
But you don't need to, because we're going to make this a lot better in the next few days.
But congratulations on having your first polished front end, back end, full stack application deployed
to the internet using an LM, presenting streaming back information, and presenting it in a nicely
styled professional way.
Well, congratulations!
A lot of what we covered today will form the foundation of what is to come.
We've deployed a full stack app.
We've got it in two different environments, a preview and a production environment deployed using Vercel
that makes it so easy to have these kinds of fast API backend, Next.js front end and deploy them really
quickly.
So what's ahead?
So tomorrow we're going to add authentication, sign in and subscription.
People will be able to pay for our business idea generator.
And then on day four we're going to make it a beefier app by making it into like a healthcare SaaS app.
And on day five, we will change the script completely.
And instead of deploying to Vercel, we'll deploy it to AWS, which will change everything, and we'll
be able to compare and contrast those two.
So much to come.
But before we get to all that, let's take a moment to celebrate that you are already somehow 10% of
the way through this course.
Or maybe you're feeling exhausted.
Maybe you think, goodness, it's 90% still to go.
But no, this is such an important 10%.
Uh, and it's going to get juicier and juicier.
Congratulations on being 10% towards being an expert in production deployment, and I will see you tomorrow.