Okay.
Next up we're going to take this bit of code right here in step five.
And we're going to overwrite our underscore app dot TSX in pages our front end code.
So go in here and paste this in.
And what is this doing exactly.
It's importing a react component called clerk provider.
And it's wrapping our entire application in this clerk provider.
And this is a way that you can have all of your react components be able to have a sort of shared the
the ability to access the functionality in this clerk provider.
Um, and I've garbled that a little bit in front end.
People that know all about react would be like, well, that's that's slightly oversimplified, but
you get the general idea.
We've wrapped everything in the clerk provider.
Okay, back we go.
Next we're going to create a new page, uh, called product TSX.
And this is going to be a protected route, which means it's going to be a page which is only available
to people that are logged in.
and that's going to be called product TSX.
And it's going to be in pages.
And we have used client at the top there.
And it's quite a long page.
But it is it's really got the whole content of our business idea generator.
So in pages new file, uh, and it's called product TSX.
This format that combines TypeScript and HTML.
You'll, you'll see that it's got that same markdown component.
It's got the same code to stream back events, uh, and uh, save that.
Otherwise it is the same.
All right.
Back we go.
Uh, and now we're going to change index TSX to be a new landing page with sign in.
A whole thing to do with, with, with signing in.
Uh, so let me just take this.
And for people that have built this the, the original way before, there were things like Clark, like
this was a lot of work.
Like this would be like a week's worth of work to build your own sign in page, maybe several weeks
worth of work, especially with social auth that that could be like a months worth of work.
Uh, but, uh, it's not going to be month's worth of work.
Uh, we're going to go to index TSX, which used to be the the whole page.
We've moved most of this to products.
And now putting in this page, it's relatively short.
And really all of the the meat of this page are in these components like sign in button and signed in
this component signed in means this is what will show if um, if this is uh, if we've selected if the
user is signed in, then this is the part that will be displayed.
If the user is not signed in, then the signed out part will show.
And automatically Clark is going to handle which parts of this react tree gets shown.
And I can see I'm using something which is deprecated there.
I don't think it matters, but you can feel free to delete that so that we don't have deprecated code
in there.
And that all looks good.
Okay, so back to the instructions.
All of this is done, and now it's time for us to collect that JDBC URL that I showed you a second ago
and add it to EMV local.
So I'm going to go and do that right now.
You remember where to collect it from the configure and the API keys.
And then it's over on the right hand side.
Collect that and then put it in env local looking exactly like that.
You have to get these things identical.
No mistakes or you will be pulling your hair out later.
Uh all right I'll go do that and see you in a second.
Okay.
Now it's time to update our dependencies for the back end code, which is in this file requirements.txt.
We've just got to add one more in here, the fast API clerk auth, which is the back end code to make
sure that only logged in users can access our root.
Uh, so we go to requirements.txt and paste it in there.
I realized I used the British word root where where the Americans here will be saying root.
I can't bring myself to say root.
I've lived in New York for a long time, but I still say root and router and the routing from, uh,
from from next year's.
Uh, okay.
So, um, back to the preview.
Um, and now we're going to change our index.py.
Our backend route.
Uh oh.
Go away.
I don't want to have an update tonight.
Uh, we'll have, uh, the backend routes that is going to, um, uh, check that the user is logged
in, but otherwise it will be the same.
So let's go back to the index.py.
Here it is.
And replace all of that.
Okay.
So let me just quickly talk through this.
So what's happened here from uh fast API clerk auth, which is the library that handles making sure
that we are only logged in.
Users use it.
We're importing a bunch of things here.
And then when we define our route API, we're asking to be passed in some credentials.
And we're using this way of making sure that only people who are logged in are able to access this route.
Um, and other than that, this is all exactly the same.
There is this line here that's not used anywhere.
I've got this in here so you can see how you could actually get the user ID out of these credentials.
So if you had some logic that depended on who's logged in, this is where you could do it.
And it includes you'll find out later on we have subscription plans.
You could actually find out what subscription plan they're on and use that to give them access to some
functionality and not to others.
Okay.
Now the very people who are very alert will notice there is a little tiny change here as well, which
is I've slightly improved the way this streams back to fix a bug.
That meant that sometimes the formatting wasn't all coming through properly.
If your formatting wasn't coming through, then with this bug fix, it's going to look a bit better.
We will see.
Uh, otherwise this is identical.
Uh, and so save that, go back to our instructions, see where we are.
Um, okay.
We've now got to add these three keys that we already saved in a EMV file.
We've got to add them to Vercel.
cell.
So we're going to run each of these three commands.
And then we're going to paste in the key as it is in the EMV file.
And then select all environments to set it each time which you remember.
You press A and enter.
Or you can press space and enter lots of times and have to do that for all three.
And you mustn't make mistakes here.
The key needs to be the key name has to be this name, and the value needs to be the value from EMV.
And if you get that wrong, then there's going to be trouble.
So don't get it wrong.
Uh, and, uh, I will see you in a minute when I've done that myself.
Okay.
Hopefully you've done that and you did it flawlessly.
So all will be well.
Hopefully I did too, because if I made a mistake, then you're not going to let me forget it.
Uh, but I think I got it right.
Okay.
Uh, and now we're going to, to run it locally by typing vercel dev.
And we've actually not done this before because when you run this locally, it's only going to be able
to run the JavaScript part locally.
It's not going to run the Python code locally.
Uh, so we can't test like the LM part of it, but we will be able to test whether we're connecting
to Vercel or not.
So here we go.
We've deployed it.
It's running on localhost on port 3000.
So I should be able to command click on this and up it comes.
And here we go.
Here it is.
So first of all check out how neat this looks.
Uh, generate your next big business idea.
Harness the power of AI to discover innovative business opportunities tailored for the AI agent economy.
Uh, so, um, here we go.
Now, I'm already logged in.
Uh, it knows me already.
Hang on.
Let me sign out.
Uh, this is what you should see.
Uh, this is the logged out page.
Uh, there's a get started free and a sign in button which do the same thing.
They bring you to this sign in to SaaS name of our application, and they don't have an account.
Sign up.
And what you can now do is experiment with this.
Create an account, and you'll be able to see that account appearing on your Clark page like you saw.
I already had two set up from my couple of my Gmail accounts, but I could come in now using my my Gmail
account.
It will log in.
Here I am.