Okay, so just before we deploy to production, I've gone back into Vercel.
I'm going into the SaaS production project, and you see, it gives you a little preview of our production
deployment right here.
And I just wanted to show you I want to go to settings over here.
And I want to go to Deployment Protection.
We're in Vercel.
So so we want to use Clark's protection.
We don't want vassal to also add in its protection.
So I go into deployment protection and I turn off vassal authentication and save.
So we're no longer using that.
Our SaaS app is exposed to the internet, but Clark will be protecting us.
Okay.
And with that we go here and we run vassal dash, dash, prod, which I already did a few seconds ago.
So that ran and it deployed it to production.
You could also do, uh, vassal Dot to deploy it first to the preview environment before you deploy
it to production.
But with that in mind, we can now launch it and see what it looks like.
So we will open that.
Here it comes.
generate your new business idea.
We'll sign in.
We'll come in as, uh, me with because I've already set up an account.
Here I am in, I come, uh, say continue.
I am now logged in.
This is logged in on the internet, logged in to my vassal app.
Uh, I can now say generate business idea.
It's now calling my back end the route that we've protected so that it knows that I'm logged in.
And that handshake, we saw that trace being printed there.
Uh, before we know that it does this handshaking between the front end and the back end, and here
comes the results.
Uh, it's printing it nicely.
We're seeing streaming coming back.
Uh, and, uh, we've got our results.
This is a front end and back end secured app running, deployed in production.
Um, and we can run it again to get another one.
Uh, just you could simply refresh the page.
At the moment, it's a very simple app, I admit.
But nonetheless, I imagine the users will come flooding in when you release your business idea generator
and get these different ideas.
Okay, so with that, that wraps up the first part.
If we go back to our instructions, uh, this is now, uh, finished up the first part with our security
architecture, and we will now be moving to the second part, where we're going to allow people to be
able to subscribe to this app.
Okay.
So in cursor, I'm opening up the week one folder, and I'm now going to day three part two to open
the preview.
It's a two parter today.
Uh, now we're going to transform our SaaS application with subscription management will require a paid
subscription to access the idea generator.
This will allow you to take your own business idea and rapidly deploy it online for people to subscribe
to your product.
So the way we're going to do it is still through Clark.
Clark not only offers this user management feature with social login, but also a billing platform as
well, and brilliantly, it's hooked up.
If you wish to stripe so that if you have a stripe account or you want to use stripe to collect payments,
then you can use that via Clark, which is fabulous.
So we're going to go back to the Clark dashboard.
First of all, where we're going to go to configure and go to subscription plans.
Uh, and if it's the first time, as it says, we'll have to press get started.
So let's go and do that now.
Okay.
So the first step to enabling Clark billing is we go back to the Clark dashboard.
Here we have it.
You'll see your overview screen for the SaaS app.
And you will also now have the message congratulations.
Your application has users because you will have signed in yourself.
And you'll see your own sign up where I see my two Gmail accounts here and go to configure.
And on the left here, scroll down and you'll see there's like a billing settings and subscription plans.
And when you go to settings I've already set mine up.
So you'll.
You should have a button that's like, uh, set up or create or something like that.
I think it says in the instructions, but it will say.
And you press that, uh, and in you come, there are these two different options.
There's the one that comes out of the box with clerk called the clerk payment gateway, which is very
simple, and we'll be using it.
Um, and there's also, uh, more sophisticated is to connect it to stripe.
If you use stripe to collect payments.
And this would be an exercise for you should you wish to do so, should you actually have an idea that
you do want to monetize right now on the internet?
But that is all where you set it up.
Um, so this is this is enabling it to start with, uh, and then you go to subscription plans here,
and this is where you set up your plans, and you can see that, that I've got a free plan and a premium
subscription plan.
And you will be able to press the create plan button.
You give your plan a name and a key, which should be something like a subscription hyphen plan.
Uh, and uh oh, it can't have a hyphen in it.
So, uh, like that, uh, give it a name, a description, a monthly base fee.
And we're going to be using this only for test payments, and no actual money will take place.
So you can you can do whatever you wish for our testing purposes.
Uh, and uh, I think I put in 100 a month.
And then if you wish, you can turn on the annual discount, which is saying if someone wants to, to
pay for an entire year and commit for the year and pay upfront for the year, then this would be, um,
the, the discounted monthly price that would apply for, uh, the year and, uh, leave publicly available
on so that people get access to it.
And that is all you need to do.
Let me just go back to look at the one that I set up, so that you can make sure that yours matches
mine.
Exactly.
Um, so, uh, um, hang on.
Sorry.
So, um, we're we're in configure and subscription plans.
There we go.
I lost it for one second in premium subscription, so I call mine The Key.
I gave it was premium underscore subscription.
I was doing a hyphen.
It takes underscores.
Called it premium subscription.
I have it being $100 a month and a $90 a month is the discount if people choose to commit annually.
So that's what you could put in if you want to match what I've got.
Exactly.
And I've got that turned on.
Um, and features, you may imagine this, this is where you can configure different features that the
user subscribes to.
And then you can imagine that in our back end route where we've got those, those creds, we could use
that to figure out which features the user has access to.
If that's how you take this a step further, uh, and that can be an exercise for you should you wish.
Okay.
And once you've done that, come back here.
And this has the instructions for doing it.
Look, it even says premium underscore subscription.
So, uh, follow all of this and keep a note of what plan ID that you used.
Um, and, uh, I'll break for a second for you to do that and see you in a minute.