So now we're going to update our code to expect this.
So in the products page we're going to make an update so that it knows to check that uh that, that
we are uh, subscribed to the product before we use it.
So this is product, uh, let's take all of this.
It's, uh, there's quite a lot to it now, as you can see, uh, product TSX, which is under pages.
Here we go.
Product select all paste it in and you can see what's if you take a look here uh, you can see this
this protect tag here.
Protect element um which says which is tied to the plan premium subscription.
So this needs to match exactly the plan ID that you set up in Clark.
If you didn't use premium subscription, then whatever you did use must go here.
Uh, then there's a fallback to pick a different plan, uh, and a pricing table, but otherwise, uh,
the this is all this fallback is what happens if if the protection fails.
But if the protection succeeds, then it will have the idea generator will be shown.
And the idea generator is basically what comes up here.
It is this object here, idea generator, which is itself the user interface that we're used to for
our product.
So this I am going to save right now okay.
And finally we're going to update the landing page with some of the subscription information.
So that landing page is indexed.
So I take what I've got here.
And we are going to paste that into Index.ts select all paste save.
And if you look through this you'll see a few things to look out for.
Um this is if you're if you are signed in, um, and this is where the subscription information, the
pricing preview is laid out.
Uh, so you'll see that there's some information in there.
But all in all, it's very simple.
Anyone that's built like a subscription system before is probably used to this being a lot of work,
taking a lot of time, and it's pretty neat that this is all fairly easy as long as it works, see if
it works.
Uh, so there is one, um, section here.
And if you wanted to, how you could connect stripe if you wanted to go.
Really?
For reals.
But we're not going to do that.
We're just going to keep the test billing provider.
But but as I say, that's certainly, uh, up to you should you wish to have a proper payment system.
But given this, we are now going to deploy this to production and see whether or not in just a day,
just a few hours, we have built something which has subscription plans, attached a billing system
as well as the user authentication system too.
So we'll give it a minute to build and then we'll go and give it a whirl.
Okay.
And here I go.
I'm going in to launch the production application.
Here it comes.
Uh, and it comes up right away with the, uh, the nice little panel here.
Now, you can see that that hard coded in index in this sort of preview where the prices which don't
actually match what I, what I put in the back end.
So we need to update this to show whatever pricing you actually put in, Clark.
In this case $100 a month.
Uh, this is not being generated by Clark, but but you'll see that there is another one that is, uh.
And I can now sign in.
I can come in with my Google account, and here we go and continue.
And we are in.
But when I go to access premium, first of all, if I click here, I can see there's a manage account.
And uh, right here, if I go to billing, you'll see that I am already a premium subscriber because
I tested this already and I subscribed.
And it's got a fake visa number in there because we're on the test version so we can set this up.
And, uh, this is all all set up, and I've paid them and you'll see that that detail is all there.
So this is my account profile, which is all set up.
And I can now press Access Premium features because I'm logged in and because I'm logged in and I'm
a paid subscriber, I get through to the product itself.
It's all working.
It's generating the business idea.
And let's see what happens at the end of this.
As GPT five is, uh, furiously figuring out what to do.
See if we get the same, same idea again.
We have got nice headings this time, which is good to see.
Uh, autonomous next agent Nexus, agent studio, autonomous AI agent network for SMB automation.
It seems to be the same, same idea with a slightly different framing of it.
Uh, but it looks great.
I like the look of this.
Uh, it all seems to be working very nicely indeed.
Hopefully you've had to subscribe first and then you've got this.
Uh, but I think, uh, you will hopefully be impressed by how straightforward it's been to add subscription
functionality to our AI product.
So let's also try and sign in with a new account that doesn't have a subscription plan.
So if I press sign in, I'll go in with an Apple authentication, try and sign in to my Apple account.
I'll need to enter my Apple ID, uh, which which is just my Gmail account.
There it is.
Uh, Apple.com fill in.
Uh, and, uh, I can continue with passcode and do this.
Okay.
And let's see what happens.
Now I'm getting two factor authentication.
Hang on.
Oh, I can just allow it myself.
Uh, um, and, uh, enter this verification code.
This is a bit.
So 632102.
632102.
Verifying trust.
Okay.
Done there.
Uh, let's do hide my email for a very subtle reason, which is that Clark is smart enough.
If I shared my email, uh, my gmail gmail.com, Clark will recognize that I've already signed in with
Google auth, and it will just associate all these authors and it won't create a new user ID.
So I have to do this to make sure that I get signed in as a new user.
Here we go.
Oh verify human.
And we're back over here.
So it's saying that the premium subscription again it's showing this and I press on choose my plan and
we get this screen here, which is where we can choose the free version or the premium subscription.
And I can press subscribe.
And if I do this, it comes up with a pay, with a test card, with a card number.
And I can then choose this rather expensive.
Maybe we should come out of this and just do do a monthly instead.
So we'll come out of the checkout.
We'll go to billed monthly $100 a month.
What a bargain.
Press subscribe for $100 a month.
And now we do pay with test card.
Pay $100.
Uh, and you can see it's got the test card number.
Press that.
And payment was successful from the test card.
Continue.
And now we're in access premium features.
And we've just subscribed to the plan.
Uh, we first of all, we authenticated with my Apple ID, which is kind of cool to see all of that
working perfectly.
Then we came in, we subscribed, and we've gotten ourselves a business idea because we're paying the
$100 a month.
Uh, what a great bargain.
$100 a month for this idea.
And that is showing the complete new user sign up flow and the and the subscribing flow.
All working with our clerk app.
Well, that was a lot that we went through.
I hope you enjoyed that.
I was a little bit, uh, flummoxed by the Apple signing process, but happy that it worked, uh, and
that you saw everything coming together as a quick summary of what we just just saw when the user visits
the slash product, uh, part of our application clerk is checking our subscription status.
If we don't have a subscription, it's showing that pricing table component.
Those that that thing you saw with the two prices side by side was generated by clerk, not by us.
We wrote the code that was on the landing page with the wrong price.
Uh, but we wrote that code.
The one we saw with the table with the right price was generated by clerk.
Uh, if they already have a subscription, we just show the idea generator.
But if not, then.
Then we go through a payment flow which is handled by clerk billing.
And there was that test approach to user test card.
But it could be done with real billing and it could be optionally through stripe.
And then users can also manage the subscriptions.
You saw that earlier when I went in as my main user.
So that was a lot that we got done.
And again, I know I've said this several times, but it's true.
This is the kind of thing that used to take so long to do.
This would be a several month project, typically for several people to build the whole user authentication
with social auth, and then build in something like stripe integration.
And Clark makes that super easy.
And there are there are several others like it.
So, uh, hopefully you now feel like you can use that for your own apps and you know, how to deploy
in production with subscription and with, uh, the different subscription plans and user authentication.
And that's it.
That concludes day three of the course.
We've just done both parts of it, authentication and subscription.
And it went so quickly.
If you feel like it was a bit overwhelming, go back through.
Read the code.
You only need to feel a flavor for what's going on with the front end code, but you need to have a
good sense of how it all fits together.
So do take a look through it.
Make it your own.
Change it up.
Push it out there.
Post on LinkedIn.
If you post these things on LinkedIn and tag me, then I'll weigh in.
Of course I'll give it a try myself.
I love doing that.
I give, I give people's apps that post up with me on LinkedIn all the time, and I'd love to see yours.
So.
So please do that tomorrow.
We're going to then change this to actually have some business functionality.
Again, it's going to be super simple for now.
But but your mission is going to be to make it more sophisticated.
And we're going to pick healthcare.
It's a super interesting vertical where there's so much opportunity to apply AI.
It's coming up tomorrow.
For now, you need to take a moment to celebrate that you are 15% on your way to production expertise.
15% you are crushing it.
We're going through it so fast and I will see you for day four tomorrow.