And welcome back.
Welcome to day four of week one.
And first thing I want to mention is a little detail that maybe I've already mentioned it, but uh,
the when when I start with these intro and outro slides, the strip of color that you see here is a
cue for what kind of day it's going to be.
This is a blue day, which means it's a day about project work, about commercial projects, about applications
of AI.
And we're going to use this to turn our app into a business app.
It's going to be a very simple business app, but the idea will be for you to take it as a springboard
to build in more functionality and make it something juicier, but it's going to be applied to healthcare.
Uh, that is the game of the day.
Uh, so first of all, I do want to to bring you back to that reminder of the agreement that you made
with me, the agreement that that, uh, that hopefully some of you verbalized and as such, it is a
binding commitment, which is that you wouldn't get frustrated with environment issues.
You're probably getting a flavor for how much of this course is going to be about setup.
It's not like we're going to be doing as much coding.
In fact, so far it's been, except at the very beginning, it's mostly copy and paste, because much
of what we're doing with production deployments is going to be platform engineering, configuring stuff,
setting it up, and things will go wrong.
On my current courses, I get hundreds of questions, sometimes.
Sometimes like 100 a day on stuff like environment variables being wrong.
At least that's what it turns out to be.
Uh, or there was someone that a lot of people have problems connecting to an API that sends emails
and that someone's getting really frustrated.
It turned out it was to do with some privacy limitations that his company had with a VPN so that they
couldn't make a secure outbound connection.
So each of these problems has come up with relatively little environment configuration in my other courses.
This course is going to have a lot of it.
So you do need to have a lot of, uh, petrol in the tank to put up with the grief.
You're going to get setting up environments.
Just remember that's that's part of the fair.
That's building expertise in production and deployments involves a lot of bashing your head against
a wall with environment errors until you figure them out.
And that is a skill that you get better and better at.
I'm here to tell you that, uh, every time that you, you spend several hours trying to debug something,
which ends up there's always some silly explanation at the end of it.
It's so frustrating when you find that, but you'll be better prepped next time to debug.
So that's part of the skills.
All right.
And so I'm here to tell you that first of all do keep an eye on the docs.
Uh, I try and document everything very carefully.
And you'll find that the documentation for what to do will change from what I show you in the videos,
because I'm going to be constantly updating it with the latest stuff.
So please don't be alarmed if the instructions don't look identical to what I do on the course.
Because as people hit problems in different systems and different environments, I'll try and add that
to the course.
Look out for extra troubleshooting tips that get added in.
Keep experiment yourself when you hit a roadblock, keep trying and ask LMS, but always verify what
they tell you.
Don't trust LMS off the bat.
They ask two different LMS or make sure it explains its reasoning to you.
As I said before, they tend to go with the most obvious bandaid to a particular problem and not not
take a step back and think of root causes and try your best not to get frustrated.
That was the commitment that you made to me.
Uh, and uh, also, I do want to mention again that that, uh, as we hit rabbit holes, as you come
up with things that you don't know about, uh, don't don't let that get you confused.
Embrace it as an opportunity.
I threw in there mention of JWT.
You should go and Google that if you're interested.
Stripe.
If you're new to that, then find out more about what stripe is and what it does and why it is so greatly
loved and server side routing.
I mentioned briefly at one point that's something you could look into.
It's a very modern, popular technique and it's worth learning more about it if it interests you.
And there will be many more things like this where we are just going to scratch the surface of what
you could find out about.
There's so many different ways that I could explore things in more depth, and I'm sticking to the the
main line here, but you can explore others and experiment, add things in and submit stuff.
Link to it in Community Contributions with your your notes on what you've discovered.
Okay.
With that, it's time for us to build our healthcare app.
Uh, shown here by our astronaut who we've been following, uh, wearing a stethoscope.
Uh, um, so our healthcare app is going to start by being something very simple, which you can then
use to build up.
But the idea is that we want to build an app to be used in doctors offices.
Something that's quite common is that doctors, uh, take, uh, have, have a consultation with a patient
and they take down some rough notes and those rough notes.
Need some actions taken as a result?
Maybe something has to be, some prescription has to be filed, and then an email has to be sent to
the patient giving a summary of what was discovered from that, that appointment.
And that's a whole ton of administrative work.
And so this is going to be a SaaS app to be used by doctors offices so that the doctor's notes can be
put into a field, and it will generate the to do's and the email to go to the patient in a professional
way that could then be copied and pasted by the practice into to an email, to the client, to the patient.
That's that's the story.
That's what we're going to build.
You can see it's pretty simple.
It's quite a natural extension of what we've already built.
It's just got one call in there.
But hopefully you can also see how that is something that could be the foundation of a much more sophisticated
healthcare app, should you wish to go in that direction.
Okay.
And with that, it's time for us to go to the lab, go back to Casa and get going with our first commercial
project.
See you there.