Now, I appreciate that some of you have seen Vassell before and deployed your own stuff and are probably
thinking, ah, this is small potatoes.
Uh, but maybe, maybe not yet.
Mind blowing.
But hopefully for those new to it, you were pleased to see that it's really not that hard.
Okay, so if we go back to cursor, in addition to the link to production, there was another link here
called inspect.
And I just want to take you through that, uh, command.
Click to go through that link.
This shows us the screen in Vercel where we can look at our deployment.
See a little preview of it right here.
Now one of the things you might have noticed is that when you went to this web page, you actually had
to be signed in to Vercel to be able to access it.
And you could argue that it's not really live on the internet if you need to be signed into Vercel,
but we can change that if you look down.
If you may need to expand this section here, deployment configuration, you'll see that there is deployment
protection.
Standard protection is turned on.
If you click on that it takes us over to the settings page.
And you can see that we've got Vercel authentication turned on.
This ensures visitors need to be logged in to vessel and a member of our team.
So.
So unfortunately, probably only us could see this right now, but luckily we can turn this off, press
save.
And that tells us that it's been changed.
And now, for example, uh, we can do something like let's go back here again, copy this URL to our
web page, and I'm going to create a new incognito window.
Here it is in Chrome.
And go and visit this page.
And I'm thrilled to see that live from production is being served now to anybody on the internet.
So there we are, live on the internet in minutes.
And never fear, we'll be coming back to add a healthy dose of artificial intelligence team.
Okay, so this is what I have in store for you.
We are going to be doing some hardcore learning.
This is probably the most intensive of any course that I've made.
It's all in four weeks, but I have packed those four weeks in.
We're going to be working on some of the juiciest projects I've ever built.
Very commercial, very hands on.
They're going to be really interesting and quite challenging projects.
But at the same time, I'm hoping to make this a lot of fun.
That is always that's definitely my my vibe, making sure that it's entertaining as well as educational.
And so hopefully you're going to be enjoying it as we go and as we build things that are scalable and
resilient and secure.
All right.
So let me tell you about the objectives, who the course is for and how you'll know you've been successful
at the end of it.
So there's really two different audiences that I've designed this course for.
On the one hand are entrepreneurs.
If you are someone that's coming along and you want to take a SaaS app and deploy it online on the internet,
it's got authentication, it's got SSL, it's got subscription built in so people can sign up and start
paying for it, and it's secure and scalable.
Then this course is for you.
And in fact, the first week is the most intense week because we're going to do all of that in the first
week and then just build on it.
Also, if you're someone who's coming at this wanting to get an enterprise level of knowledge on AI
being deployed in the cloud for scale and resiliency, so you want to be able to scale an AI on a major
cloud provider like AWS and GCP and Azure, and you want to also have the kind of relevant expertise
that means that you could apply for roles that need all of that.
Then this is also for you.
And I'm here to tell you that whilst it is intended for one of those two audiences, there is a whole
continuum of people that sit between those two extremes.
Maybe you're someone who wants to be an entrepreneur, but right now you're working in a particular
company.
Maybe you're in a medium sized company, but you want to be able to deploy for future growth and scale.
Maybe you'd like to at least beef up your resume so that you're able to apply to the most possible jobs
and everything in between.
If you are anywhere on that spectrum, then I've designed this course for you.
So what will you get out of it at the end?
What are the success factors?
Well, by the end of this, there are three things that you should be able to do.
The first of them is is for the entrepreneur.
You should be able to deploy and monetize and make money from your own AI application.
Now of course, you'll have to have product market fit.
I can't promise you that people will come and pay for it, but if you've built a product and you've
got good go to market and people will pay for it, then the technology part will be solved for you.
The second thing is that you'll be able to implement production grade AI at major companies, and you
will have transferable skills that you can apply to different situations.
I focus on transferable skills on the most common kinds of platforms and frameworks, so you will have
that capability.
And then along with that, you'll be able to apply for roles that have that kind of skill set requirements.
So I've taken a careful look at many different job descriptions.
And also as a hiring manager in the space myself, I know what people look for.
And when I look at the other courses that I've offered, I cover a lot of the bases, but there is one
piece that I don't, and that is the productionization of AI.
And that is what you will leave this course with.
But I have I have something to tell you.
This course alone won't do it.
You won't get that only from taking the course.
You will get that from taking the course and also completing the assignments as we go.
I find that the best way to learn is by doing.
And you don't do by listening to me yabbering away.
You have to do it yourself.
That means that that as I go through things, you need to be doing it too.
When you get stuck and you hit problems, that's the time to be fixing them and understanding them.
Frustrating though it can be.
That's where the real learning happens.
So you have to complete the projects with me.
You have to fix the problems when they happen, and then you have to make the projects your own.
Make changes, do something different, add your own flair to the projects as we go, and take on some
of the assignments I give you as we go.
And that is the real way to learn these these videos and the the stuff I do, that's just that's the
foundation.
Uh, the part that matters isn't what I do.
It's what you do.