And welcome back to cursor.
And here we are in the Sass project I open up the week one guides.
These will be in the production repo as well.
And I'm going to open the preview on day four.
So we get to see what we're doing here.
We're building a healthcare consultation assistant.
As I told you, it's going to take the doctor's consultation notes as input, generate professional
summaries, create actionable next steps, uh, draft patient friendly emails.
All right.
So let's start then with step one.
We've got some new front end dependencies to install and we use npm install for that.
Let me take this first one here I'll copy that.
I'm going to bring up a new terminal.
Here it is.
And now I'm going to paste that in.
There it goes and it installs.
And now we'll do the second one here which is the associated types.
And I paste that there.
And I run and that installs two okay.
Now let's hide the terminal.
It's time for us to update the backend API.
So basically it's the same backend API.
Except now we're going to have some more detailed prompting.
So let me copy this and paste it in and then we'll talk it through.
There it is.
Okay.
So over we go to the API.
And this is something which is going to replace the the index dot pi which is right here.
So I select all and I paste.
And let me quickly explain this to you.
So it's it's very similar to before.
We're still using OpenAI.
Uh and the main difference here is that we have a bigger system prompt.
You're provided with notes written by a doctor from a patient's visit.
Your job is to summarize the visit for the doctor and provide an email reply with exactly three sections
with the headings.
And here are the three sections.
Now, uh, the people from, say the, the uh, my agent of course, will know well that a nicer way
of doing this will be to have it reply with structured outputs, and then take that JSON and return
it to the front end.
But I want to take things a step at a time.
If you if you want to update this to use structured outputs and to respond with JSON, that would be
a much better implementation and I would encourage you to do so.
But for now we're just going to have it respond in markdown with these headings.
Um, and uh, so then otherwise things are very similar.
We've changed it from being a get to being a post endpoint.
So this is now a post to API.
Uh, and uh, also that we've got in addition to the, the creds that we had before, which is the credentials
coming from Clark, we have another argument here, visit which is an object of type visit and visit.
Here is a pedantic object.
That means that it is a subclass of base model.
Pedantic base model.
Just got to the top.
Show you.
There we go.
There's.
It's imported from pedantic import base model.
And that means that this is one of these pedantic classes that's used to describe the schema of a Python
object.
Its purpose is to describe what a Python object which fields it should have.
It's similar to a dictionary, except you're using real attributes that have a type.
So we've got, in this case a patient name, a date of visit, and notes as the three bits of information
here that form this visit object.
And we've got that here as the first argument for this endpoint.
And the magic of fast API is that when you do it this way, fast API just builds the right route and
expects the right JSON object to be provided in this post, and it will automatically populate this
Pydantic object.
Visit with all of the right fields, so you don't need to worry about how this JSON object comes in
the request, and how to pluck out the values and put them into a Python object.
Fast API handles all of that for you, and that's why people love it.
Okay, so with that out we can just use visit in our code.
This user prompt for populates the the information um and the the patient's name date of visit and their
notes.
And that is what we will send to uh, to to GPT five nano.
The system prompt that we wrote above the user prompt, which has got all these details that were passed
in in the visit object, and then we stream back results exactly as we did before.
Nothing else has changed.
Okay.
And now we're on to changing the front end.
First of all, before we change the the actual pages themselves, we're going to update those two front
end files and documents to to reflect some of the changes here.
So start with app TSX.
Let's go to find app TSX and pages.
There it is.
And replace here.
And all we've done is added in this import.
We're importing something called React Date picker which is something that we just npm installed which
is going to give us a date picker, a calendar.
And it just this is a great example of how easy it is to get off the shelf react components to add something
like a date picker to your web page.
In the days before react, it would be a chore to have a date picker.
There would be a lot of JavaScript involved in that.
And now it's it's it's just so easy.
All right.
Back here again.
And now we're going to go to the document TSX.
And we're going to use that change the page title and heading.
Here's document dot TSX.
Let's paste.
There we go.
AI powered medical consultation summaries.
Healthcare consultation assistant.
Okay.
And now back to the instructions.
And now the meat of the front end changes.
We're going to update the products with our new product.
And I will take all of this.
And now there's a fair bit more uh, front end code can look quite unwieldy sometimes.
There's a, there's a there's a lot to it.
Uh, but much of this is boilerplate.
Go over to product TSX and replace everything with our new product.
Let's just take a look at a few things, but this is an exercise for you to look through it.
So there's this idea of of of state which are the variables which are front end.
Depends on that.
React will automatically refresh the relevant parts of the UI as state changes.
And we've got a patient name, a visit date and notes.
Um, and then we've got stuff to do with the streaming, which as much as we had it before, uh, and,
uh, this is how we're handling the streaming back.
And then this is where we have these forms for the patient name, the date of visit, the consultation
notes.
You can see this is you can see how how very easy to read these react components are.
It's a text area.
It's called notes.
It's required.
It's got eight rows.
Um, and uh, it's got, got all of the information here.
I also want to show you the date picker.
The date picker.
This is the react component that we've taken off the shelf for picking dates.
And you just say you want a date picker and you, you give it the, the information that you need.
Um, okay.
And, and this is the, the, the main part of it, this is where it has the title, the heading, the
pricing table as this is sorry, this is the fallback if we're not, uh, signed in and this is the
form if we are.
Okay.
So that is the front end code updated.
We're closing in.
We've got one step to go.