Okay.
The last big change for the front end then is the landing page.
So this is pages indexed.
Here we go.
And it's mostly just the reframing of what this is about.
So let's take this.
Here it is.
Copy that.
So we're going to index dot TSX.
Paste.
Save.
Let's take a look at this.
Uh it's got um, uh, just just better formatting.
You can take a look through the tailwind CSS classes.
It's got a nice heading.
It's got the usual stuff you'll see here that there's like, um, the signed out section is what you
see.
If the user is signed out, the signed in is what you see if the user is signed in.
And this is where it links to the slash product.
Um, and it's got some footer in the end which it says, it claims that this is HIPAA compliant, secure
and professional, which is not HIPAA compliant.
But this is of course, a demo.
So you'll forgive me for this, uh, extra, uh, pieces to it.
I'm sure whatever you build will be, uh.
Okay.
So, um, I think with this, let's go back to the instructions and see what we've got left to do.
Oh, yes.
We just have one tiny thing.
We did include pedantic classes there.
So we have to add pedantic to our requirements.txt.
So that's not going to work.
So back here that would have been a gotcha if we'd forgotten to do that.
Save that.
Be sure.
Remember, if you see that white dot there, you have to save it.
If you don't save it, then then everything will will fail horribly.
Uh, hopefully you have saved it.
Which means that all that's left for us to do is vercel dash, dash, prod.
Can it really be this easy?
Uh.
We'll see.
So we will do prod.
We'll let that run.
And I will speak to you in a second.
Okay?
So it's time for us to try this out.
Let's go to production.
Let's see.
Here it goes.
Opening it up.
And here's our landing page.
Nice, right.
It's very professional looking.
Transform your consultation notes, professional summaries, action items, patient emails.
Very clear and Midi notes.
Pro is what it's called.
And here are those HIPAA compliant that you should take off if you're going to take this anywhere and
press sign in.
And I'm going to log in as myself.
Here we go.
This is already authenticated.
Continue using Clerks user authentication I can look at my profile up here.
Go to Manage Account.
And I can see under billing that I've got my payment method set.
And my subscription is a premium subscription $1,080 a year and a bargain at that price.
And in we go.
Let's go to app.
Let's get started.
This is the professional looking consultation notes application and the patient's name.
At Donna the date of visit up comes this beautiful pop up, a date picker.
This would be hard work in the old days, but now it's just adding in a react component.
We'll pick today's date.
Um, Ed complained of a headache.
I told him to take two Tylenol and come back in two days if it hasn't gone away.
There we go.
That's our very casual doctor's notes.
And now we press the Generate Summary button, which turns light blue.
It's now making a post API request to that API route, which is our fast API server.
It's passing in a JSON of this form, and fast API is bringing that in as pedantic.
And before I can even finish this explainer, we get back the results summary for the doctor's records
editor Donna chief complaint headache assessment plan documentation shows a headache without any explicit
diagnosis or workup noted.
Plan documented as analgesic management with acetaminophen, which is, uh, the proper name for Tylenol.
Uh, Panadol for the Brits.
Uh, two tablets now with instruction to return in two days if symptoms have not resolved.
So super professional medical terminology and next steps for the doctor.
We've got information here.
Here's the draft of the email to go back to me.
Hi Ed.
Thank you for coming today about your headache.
Here's the plan.
We discussed medication.
Please take two Tylenol acetaminophen.
Now following directions on the package.
Uh, if the headache does not improve in about two days, please contact the clinic or come back for
a follow up.
Uh, so, anyway, uh, with the details at the end, you can see it's.
This is polished.
It's worked.
It's a nice healthcare app.
Uh, we we we did what we intended, and it was so very easy.
I hope you enjoyed this.
I hope you have fun with it.
And, of course, remember the main to do for you is that consider this just to be your canvas on which
you can build.
It doesn't need to just give this summary and an email.
It could do all sorts of things.
And for people that want to, to to really experiment with it, you could also, if you've taken my
LM engineering course and you know about things like taking audio making, you can make this multimodal
and have it so it could listen in to the doctor's visit or take a recording from it and then build the
notes or the summary.
For people that have done my course, you could have it so that it emails this to the practice, perhaps
using SendGrid or resend SendGrid, or resend it could email it automatically so that that email can
be forwarded direct to the patient.
All of those ideas would be cool, and you could have them be features which are only exposed in Clark
for people that are paid a particular subscription tier.
So I hope you enjoy that and I will see you back for the wrap up.