Well, that's not bad for four days work.
We've got quite a lot done.
We started by building a front end using it's a react front end built with the Next.js application framework.
It's we've used the TypeScript flavor of it rather than the vanilla JavaScript.
We use the pages router rather than the app router.
And we're rendering on the client side, not on the server side.
And we use tailwind as our for CSS for styling.
And it was it was great.
It was so easy.
We also built a backend using fast API.
And most recently we used a Pydantic object as the argument to a fast API route.
And that way we were able to make it so that when the client posts a JSON object, it automatically
gets packaged into the right kind of object on the server side.
Very easy to define APIs using fast API.
We've then deployed using Vercel, the AI cloud deployment platform.
Uh, that is also responsible for creating the Next.js framework.
Uh, we've deployed on Vercel.
We deployed briefly to dev, if you remember, when we did Vessel Dev, we just had a sort of.
Front end only app.
We also deployed to preview by doing vessel dot and then to.
Production by doing vessel prod and that's deployed on the internet.
Available to anyone over SSL.
If you saw that we were it was a proper secure.
Website.
Um, and uh, we, we did all of that just with a couple of commands.
We use clerk to authenticate users and to have different subscription plans, and we built a little
healthcare app that could easily be extended to being quite a powerful assistant for a medical office.
And that's very much my ask for you.
You should take this as a springboard.
You should add in functionality, try and make this into something, maybe something that you really
feel could be monetized, something that a medical office might pay for.
And then for sure you can use your clerk functionality.
You can actually promote it out there and see if you can make some revenue from this.
That's the idea showing you how easy it is to build an actual SaaS app that you could then charge for
And maybe I should mention by the by perhaps that at the same time as doing this, we also did actually
call an LLM.
There were some AI involved here.
We called an LLM and we streamed back results.
There was AI behind the scenes.
And the point that I do want to make is that the AI is a bit of a side note here.
All of the learning, everything that you've learned this week about quickly deploying an app that you
could monetize on the internet.
Everything that you've learned here has really been core platform, uh, engineering, DevOps kind of
work of configuration and deployment and understanding all of the nuts and bolts of having an app with
a front end and a back end and connected together the LLM call on our server, it could have been anything.
It could have been reading a flat file.
It's just the same.
Um, and so whilst we are trying to look at AI related concerns, we're thinking about things like the
open AI API key and streaming back results.
Much of what we're learning is generally applicable to building apps.
We're just doing it through the AI lens.
I hope that makes sense.
Okay.
So that concludes day for the healthcare SaaS app.
And uh, it brings us to day five.
And now you may have noticed that day four has been somewhat less than an hour when you often these
these are an hour.
And I do need to prepare you that tomorrow deployed to AWS is going to be a different kind of deal.
There's going to be a lot of sweat tomorrow, so be ready for that.
Have make sure that you get plenty of sleep, that you're also in a very patient mood, because using
AWS for the first time involves a lot of gritting of teeth, so be prepared for that.
The the main the bulk of this course is about deploying apps to the major cloud providers, where they
are builds for massive scale in a production way.
What we've done so far this week has been the rapid deployment to a platform that is called, like a
pass platform, a platform as a service type of platform where it is incredibly quick and easy to get
things done, and I wanted to equip you so that you could be starting to build SaaS apps and charging
subscriptions for them and making money already.
And this ticks the boxes for the entrepreneur in you that wants to be able to do this fast.
But most of this course is going to be the the really heavy lifting part of deploying apps that can
scale in a big way, like apps running on AWS.
And that is what we'll be turning to tomorrow.
And as we we go through this, we're going to be taking the same app and deploying it into AWS.
And it will give you an opportunity to compare what it's like to deploy a quick to a platform like like
Vercel, where we can get things up there fast, versus AWS, where we have so much flexibility and
security and monitoring.
It's it's industrial grade.
So prepare yourself for industrial grade.
Prepare yourself for tomorrow.
Um, but for now, take a moment to revel in the success of being 20% complete with the course.
Uh, and, uh, congratulations.
And I will see you tomorrow.