So with any luck, you are now mentally prepared for day five.
It's a big day.
It's a day that requires, as I say, some grit.
But I happen to find using AWS deploying to these major cloud providers to be very satisfying as well.
It's a it's a big deal.
Uh, and it's exciting to be deploying on something that can take such massive scale and be close to
the kind of bare metal of a cloud deployment.
Uh, so so it can be enjoyable.
And as I've warned you a million times, it can be a bit frustrating.
So here we are.
We're coming to the conclusion of the first week, the SaaS gen AI product.
We're now going to go to production with on AWS.
And I do want to make the point that today is going to be about a preview of AWS.
Uh, next week is going to be the full AWS week, when we will really go deep on many components.
It's going to say every component on AWS.
We're not even gonna get close to that.
but many of the core components of AWS today.
Think of it more as a teaser.
Today is a teaser of what's to come.
Just to give you that early sense, you don't need to pick everything up.
You just need to get a flavor for it.
But first, one of the things that one gets very used to with AWS is what's known as IAM identity and
access management.
It's something that's quite grueling with AWS in particular, more so than the other providers that
we'll look at.
GCP, Google Cloud Platform, and Azure from Microsoft, but AWS, Amazon Web Services.
I realize I haven't said that.
I do imagine that everyone does know that that's what AWS stands for.
But just in case, uh.
Uh, AWS uh, has a very granular, very powerful system for managing who can access what on the AWS
platform.
And it's quite a headache.
The first time that you get to use it.
But it is one of the core strengths of AWS.
So it's one of these things that's that's, uh, it's it's a it's a mixed blessing.
Uh, but generally speaking, I think it is a net positive, but but it's important to understand it.
So as I just just said, it is it's very granular and it is it's, it's it's really tiresome when you
first use it.
But there is a good reason behind it.
And it's a great, it's important commercial skill for you to pick this up.
I said at the beginning that that, uh, one of the reasons that we, uh, look at AWS is to give you
this ability to build software that scales in a big way and also to prepare you for industry so that
you have the kind of skill set that you might expect to see in a job description and being slick with
AWS permissions.
That's that's a that's a big skill.
So here's how it works.
We're going to start by setting up a new AWS account, assuming you don't already have one, and give
you a root user.
And the root user is the all powerful user that can do anything and as a result, the all powerful user
should in practice do almost nothing.
You want to be almost never logged in as the all powerful root user.
The only two things that we're going to ever use the all powerful user for.
One of them is going to be about assigning permissions, so that we can use it to set up other accounts
that have more limited permissions.
And that's this is that this is the whole practice of IAM that you don't give your root user abilities.
You allow your or at least you don't do things as your root user.
You create other accounts, you give them specific permissions.
And that's what you do with with those other accounts.
We're also going to use the root user for budgeting, to make sure that we are aware of what we're spending
and putting various controls around it.
So that's the root user.
And we then create an IAM user, which is what you call a user with more restricted permissions.
Now in an ideal in a in a real production setting, you'd actually create many IAM users with different
roles.
You might have a different one for each of your environments.
You might have different ones for different projects that have access to different things.
Now we're going to not be that finickity.
We're going to create one user called AI engineer that will be our workhorse for the rest of this course.
Uh, and we're going to give that, that user permissions to do all the different things that we're
going to need to do during the course as we go.
But I'm going to set you up so that if you wish you could give more fine grained permissions, you'll
you'll be equipped so that you know how to do it.
And you can do that yourself now, or in production or with your own true commercial projects as you
build them.
Okay.
And with that, we're going to go straight to some lab work.
We're going to set up an AWS account and set up some of this IAM stuff.
And I'm going to begin actually by taking you to to cursor.
Not that we're going to be in cursor that much, but we're going to do it so I can show you the day
five document, which will be your guide.
Uh, and the day five document, which is in the it will be in the Sass project if you copied it there,
but otherwise in the production project.
Um, this is going to talk us through moving from vessel to AWS for professional cloud deployment.
Uh, there's going to be a ton of stuff we're going to go through.
You've got a little preview here.
We're going to talk about Docker AWS fundamentals.
We're going to be doing that using this AWS component called App Runner.
Uh, and uh we're also going to be working on protecting the budget the spend.
And we'll talk more about whether there's any spend at all in a minute.
Um, and you can read through all this, but we will come back to it.
So the first thing to do is to sign up for a new AWS account, which I already have an AWS account,
but you will go to AWS Amazon.com.
You may already have an account, but if not, you'll go there.
You'll click to create an AWS account.
You'll you'll enter your email and choose a password.
You will select a personal account type.
Um, and uh, this is the thing, uh, you will need to enter payment information and we will talk about
payment in a second.
So you'll need to enter a credit card.
It is required to use AWS.
But you will see every time that we build something that's going to cost money, and you'll be able
to make that decision about what you want to do.
But it is, as I said at the beginning, it is your responsibility to be understanding it as we go and
tracking it.
When you first put in your credit card number, of course, nothing is taken at all.
But, uh, you should you should make sure that you're understanding every step along the way, everything
we're doing as it pertains to any costs.
And select a basic support free.
And you will now have an AWS root account.
As it says here, it's like having admin access.
It's got all the powers in the world, but it is dangerous what we're going to do now.
We're going to do this together right now because I've already set up this account.
We're going to sign in.
We're going to look at the security credentials and make sure it's set up properly.
And we're also then going to set up some budget alerts.
We're going to follow this structure right here.
Uh so let's go over now to the AWS screens and do this together.
So this is what I get when I go to AWS or Amazon.com.
You presumably came here, you went to create accounts and you went through that flow.
Now, I should mention that that Amazon has various offers to new joiners.
Sign up for AWS, often with free credits, with lots of free offers and plans.
And if you're a student, then then you get more.
There's there's lots of different ways that AWS will give you credits for signing up your new account,
and it probably varies by region.
So hopefully you've been able to get yourself a nice deal that's given you a bunch of free credits,
as well as knowing that when you first sign up, you get a lot of free stuff.
So, uh, that that might mean that you can do some of the things that will cost a few dollars on this
course and not pay a dime.
So, uh, hopefully you've you've read that as part of setting up your account.
But once you've done that, I've already got this.
So I'm going to sign in with your account.
I'm coming in as a root user.
And I'm going to pick my root user account, which is this one right here.
There it is.
And then I press next.
And then I press sign in to come in.
And because I've already set up multi-factor authentication which you haven't done yet.
Uh, but, but uh, which I have, I can now come on in, go to my authenticator app, type in a number.
And sign in.
And I'm now signed in as the root user.
So up here you can see my account ID.
This is the account ID of our our instance that all our users will be under.
And you should keep note of this.
This is going to be very important for us in a lot of different times during during this course, uh,
you can click on that drop down arrow and press that button there to copy it to your clipboard and then
paste it somewhere to hand.
We're going to need that later.
Your Amazon account ID it's a 12 digit number.
Uh, and it's a very important number that identifies this this instance.
So you can then go to security credentials just here.
And this opens up the security, uh, setting.
Uh, this is, uh, a place where you can now set up multi-factor authentication by pressing this assign
MFA device button.
And this is where you can set up a number of different ways that you can have multi-factor authentication.
And you do need to set this up for this account.
For this root account, you need to be very careful to make sure that only you have access to it.
I use an authenticator app on my phone and I've got it tied that way.
You need to do the same to make sure that you have this account very secure indeed.
And, uh, while we're here, I just mentioned another thing.
It's good to make sure your details are up to date.
Something that you'll notice here is this identifier, this thing here.
Uh, you will see these identifiers all over AWS.
You are going to become sick of these.
We're going to have so many of these in our journey together for the next few weeks, and are an Amazon
resource number.
They're going to come up a lot, and it is one unique identifier to any thing on AWS where that thing
could be many different types of object.
And so it's going to come up a lot.
You're going to see arns all over the shop and you're going to get very used to them indeed.
All right.
So with any luck you've gone through this.
You've assigned your MFA device.
Then come here and sign out and sign back in again so that you can be absolutely sure that your MFA
device is working and that you're getting back in and out of AWS.