I want to say a few words about API costs in AWS before we go and set up some some alerts.
And I'm conscious that I have already talked about this before.
So it's just a just a refresher one more time.
API costs are something which is your responsibility that you need to be aware of and monitoring and
understanding at every step on our journey together.
AWS has a number of offers that they make to people that sign up for the first time, and those offers
depend on your region and various things like whether you're studying and and other offers you may or
may not be eligible for, but you should try and sign up for whatever you can.
And I think one of the very common ones is your first three months of free credits.
Um, but some AWS activities still have costs.
For example, if you want to register your own domain name, then that has a cost.
But of course you have to register it with a domain registrar.
There's there's that cost that depends on what domain you're getting.
So things like that that will have a cost.
This first weeks project is estimated to cost between $1 and $5.
If you were to leave it running for the entire month, if you just leave it running for a couple of
days and bring it down, the costs should be de minimis.
It should be nothing, but it's incumbent on you to keep an eye on it to check that that is the case.
API costs should always be your choice throughout this course.
Now, there's no doubt that when you're using an industrial strength platform like AWS, the costs they
have cost.
It's not like Vercel, which is like a more.
It can be used by a hobbyist and by someone that's just wanting to get an idea up there.
AWS is serious business and it's used by major corporations.
And so the different pricing tiers and the ability to scale is built into it.
And understanding how to manage and monitor costs is part of the production skill set that would be
expected by many employers.
So this is important learning as well.
We're now going to go and set up some alerts, which is the way that we can monitor.
And it's one of the ways that that we can check what's going on.
We'll set up alerts.
And I'm also going to encourage you to go back often to look at the total spend.
So you keep a careful eye on this.
Here's the thing AWS and the other platforms have alerting functionality.
Very good granular alerting functionality.
But there is no cap.
There is no way to say, okay, AWS, I don't want to spend more than this amount.
If I do shut everything off, they don't do that.
Now, their stated reason for this is that they are used by by major companies, by enterprises.
And it's it's not okay to imagine that AWS could ever turn the lights off in a normal situation just
because a billing has gone wrong or a credit card didn't go through.
Suddenly Netflix is down.
That's that's not going to happen and that's AWS reason for it.
Um, I do I feel like it seems strange to me because because why couldn't there still be an opt in thing
where you could say, I want to be shut down if I go above this amount?
They don't offer that.
I suspect it's technically more complex than they than they want to admit.
Uh, but nonetheless, whatever the real reason is, it's not something you can do.
People complain a lot about open AI with the the need for $5 up front that you draw down against.
But I have to be honest, I kind of personally prefer that for my projects, because I have a sense
that if something were to go really wrong, my my, my greatest, uh, liability would be that $5 up
front.
I would I would spend it and that would be done.
Uh, with AWS, that is not the case.
In theory, your liability is unlimited.
If somehow you were to write something that created massive, great infrastructure.
Uh, and so that's certainly something to be cognizant of.
And that's why I do want to impress on you how important it is to understand what's happening at every
point, to set up the alerts that we're going to go and do right now, and to try them out and make
sure they work, and to keep an eye on your costs, on your spend regularly.
Uh, the remember again one more time that that this is your responsibility and it's serious business.
Okay.
So we're now back in the AWS console.
This is what you get when you go to AWS, Amazon.com.
Let me just prove that AWS, Amazon.com, and I'm logged in as my root user.
And I press that button and here I am.
And if you come up here to the account ID, you can see that we are logged in and logged in as ed,
the root user for this account.
So keep an eye on that.
Um, and uh, I'm now going to go to this search box on the top left.
Now Amazon, the AWS console website has many different sections for different services offered by AWS.
There are so many of them, and the way that you can get to any of them is through this search box.
This is your go to place.
You will go to this 100 times.
And right now I'm going to click here and type the word billing.
And when I do that, up come the services that match this.
And the one we're looking for is billing and cost management.
So that's what I select.
And I'm now at the billing and cost management home.
This in a nutshell tells me that my costs that I've incurred with AWS up to date up to the minute.
And you can see that I've actually spent quite a lot myself, $100 so far in August.
And uh, the reason is that it's all on this, this course.
But but not the not what you will need to spend.
I spent a lot on this thing called Amazon OpenSearch service.
That turned out to be much more expensive than I was expecting, and I've replaced it with something
that is significantly cheaper.
That means that it won't appear, or there won't be any measurable cost for that at all.
So don't worry about how much I've spent.
Your number shouldn't be anything like that.
And anyway, you will be actively watching it to make sure.
But this page is where you can see your spend at a glance, and you should be coming back here every
day to double check.
But what we're going to do is we're going to look in the left bar here, and we're going to scroll down
to budgets under the title Budgets and Planning and Budgets.
And we get here to the budgets section of the billing and cost management.
So you can see the breadcrumbs up here.
We're in billing and cost management under budgets.
Looking at the overview right here and now.
You won't have anything here because you haven't set up any budgets yet.
And let's fix that right away.
Press this yellow create Budget button on the top right and come in here.
So first of all select this user template box.
And then here we're going to start by creating something called a zero spend budget.
Which means that you'll get notified as soon as your spending exceeds $0.01.
So in we come.
Uh, we need to give it a name, so we'll call it zero zero spend.
We have to put in the email recipients and make sure that you get this right, because this is your
safety net.
So it needs to be right.
There is my email address.
Double check it.
And, uh, it tells me I'll be notified by email when any spend above a cent is incurred.
And I press the create budget button.
And it's been created right here.
Go back and create budget again.
Use a template monthly cost budget.
And now we'll come up with a number.
We'll call it monthly check.
Monthly check.
Come up with a number which is the amount that you are comfortable spending this month on deploying
to AWS production.
Let's say it's $5.
Put in the email address here, and your number is whatever number you're comfortable with.
And it can be $1 if that's all you want to spend, uh, you will be notified when your actual spend
reaches 85% of this number, when your actual spend reaches 100% of this number.
And if the forecast if Amazon's prediction, if you continue going the way you are, uh, reaches 100%.
So you should get three possible emails associated with this report with this this alert.
And now we press Create Budget and that has been created as well.
And now you can add more if you want to check for more things.
And it's worth having like that zero spend check just to make sure you definitely get that email.
And regardless, until you're getting these emails and you see that it's working, you should be coming
back to the billing and cost management part and looking at your numbers frequently to make sure you're
comfortable that you understand your spend and you know what's going on.