Well, I reckon you've mastered IAM already.
You picked this stuff up fast.
You get what's going on with this AI engineer stuff.
Which means it's time to introduce something new.
Uh, so to talk about Docker for a bit.
And Docker is one of these things that I imagine like 60%, maybe 80% of you already know well.
But for a few of you, this is something new.
So I'm not going to go deep.
I'm just going to give you some some of the basic intuitions and those that know it already.
You can you can mine, mine, mine about your own, your own business.
We'll get right back to you.
So Docker is, uh, put simply, you can think of it like it's the ability to run a computer within
your computer, a box within your box, uh, and, uh, back, back in the day, we used to have virtual
machines, which was this idea that you could run a complete operating system and a complete kind of
ring fenced, isolated set of processes within your computer, uh, emulating, like a computer within
your computer.
Uh, and these were these were quite heavyweight and expensive to to start them up.
They would take a long time.
They were they were quite heavy on resources.
Docker is this very lightweight alternative that achieves much the same thing, but it shares the same
operating system, so it doesn't need to replicate your your your OS.
So think of it like it's like a virtual machine if you know them, but it's much more lightweight and
it gives you this kind of isolated computer within your computer.
The reason we do it is that it gives you this, uh, this isolated world that is completely portable
and reproducible.
So in theory, once you've built one of these Docker things, we're going to give you the right terms
for it in a second.
Once you've built it, you can then do that again on many different computers, many different machines.
And you'll get identical behavior.
Now of course, as always with these things, there are some footnotes.
There are some caveats.
There are some things that it doesn't quite work well in, and some things that it does work really
well in.
But generally speaking, Docker is pretty impressive at this.
That's what it's great at.
Build it once and deploy that Docker container anywhere.
And that's what we're going to be using it for.
And then there are three concepts, three terms that you need to learn about using Docker that build
on top of each other.
First of them is a text file.
It's called the Docker file.
And it's a simple text file that gives instructions for how to install and configure your, your your
your box within a box.
It gives the sort of recipe for what this is going to to do, complete with step by step instructions,
all in this text file called the Docker file.
And when you run that text file Docker, the program uses that to create something called an image.
And an image you can think of as like it's a snapshot.
It's a snapshot of a whole environment, of a whole computer system that can be can be run based on
the Dockerfile.
The Dockerfile allows Docker to to create a Docker image that does that, and a Docker image can be
the Dockerfile can say, hey, start with this existing image.
And now on top of this existing image I want to add these instructions and that is usually the way it
works.
Dockerfiles usually begin by saying, hey, starting from this image, I want to make these changes
and that's that's how you normally build up a Docker file.
Okay.
So you've got an image which is like this, this, this snapshot, this, this description, this blueprint
of a computer.
And the final concept is called a container.
And a container is an actual live active instance of this computer within a computer box.
Within a box, each one of those is called a Docker container.
So a Docker container is built from a Docker image, which is built from a Docker file.
And to make that super clear, put in some squiggly arrows.
There the Dockerfile goes, makes an image.
The image creates containers and you can make many containers from the same image.
Containers can be active and then they can be stopped.
Uh, and that is all you need to know for now About Docker.
So I now have to tell you about the first three AWS services that you're going to be using this week.
And we're going to use many more next week.
And we're going to also recap some of this.
So you don't need to commit this to memory.
And don't worry if it all becomes too many words.
Uh, but uh, these are going to be the ones we're going to use today.
I have to say, I do find with AWS there's a lot of lingo, a lot of language, a lot of words to learn
about, and it's going to feel very overwhelming to start with.
And after a while, you get used to all of them.
You get to know like the, the language that is AWS.
Uh, but it but it takes it takes some time before it all sinks in and you don't don't worry about it.
Uh, just just go with it.
And after a bit of repetition, I think a couple of after next week, it's going to to connect together.
So we are going to use an AWS service called App Runner.
AWS App Runner.
You saw it when we gave permissions to our IAM user.
So App Runner is the AWS component.
That is the.
It's the easiest way to take a Docker container and deploy that as it is on the cloud, so that you
can set up a Docker container, run it locally, make sure it works, and then boom, push it out to
the cloud.
Have it running on AWS.
That's what AWS App Runner is.
And it's often the common starting point because it's just it's easy to work with.
Um, and as such, it's very powerful because you can do a lot in a Docker container.
ECR Amazon ECR is the elastic container registry.
That's what it stands for.
You don't need to know why.
Uh, but it's basically a place in AWS where you can store containers, Docker containers, uh, that,
that are ready to, to be deployed.
Um, I feel like it should really be like an image registry or the container registry, but but I don't
know.
Anyway, ECR is what it's called Elastic Container Registry and CloudWatch is the name of AWS service
for collecting logs and monitoring them across your AWS services.
So it's one place to go to monitor what's going on.
And obviously, when we start to talk more about things like agents, we're going to be wanting to to
observe agent behavior.
It's going to be important to have one place to go to look at all of the logs that could come from many
different places, and CloudWatch gives us that opportunity.
So these are the three services that we're about to get into now.
In addition, you have already of course seen two other services.
You've seen the three other services, you've seen uh, the IAM and you've seen for the for the user,
I guess, I guess that's a service.
It's one of the services you've seen.
And then you've also seen the cost and billing management service.
So you've seen two others making a grand total of five.
Uh, then uh, with that, uh, we're going to, to, to take our healthcare app, we're going to first
package it into a Docker container.
We're going to test it locally.
And then we're going to take that container and deploy it to AWS.
That's what I got in store for you.
That's all going to happen before the end of the day.
I told you this day was going to be a big day.
Uh, okay.
With that, let's go to the lab.
Let's start by building our healthcare app locally in Docker and make that work.
So here I am back in cursor and I'm looking at the day five instructions.
I had this squashed on the left hand side of my screen a moment ago when we were going through setting
up our IAM user, and we're in part two.
Install Docker desktop.
Okay, so as it says, Docker lets us package our application into a container like a shipping container
for software.
And the first step is install Docker desktop.
And many of you probably already have, particularly if you've taken my AI course, then you've used
Docker containers already when we had crew running our developers.
Uh, but in case you haven't and I'm not going to go through the installation myself.
But but you go to Docker.com, you go to the Docker desktop link and you download the right one for
Mac or Windows.
You run the installer, windows users.
There's a little bit of a palaver here.
It will install Wsl2, perhaps a little Linux machine that runs because the OS needs to be shared.
So it needs to be running a Linux machine.
Uh, accept all the prompts and then start Docker desktop.
You may need to restart your computer.
Um, and then to make sure it works you type this Docker minus minus version.
Now I'm not sure if I'm running Docker, so let's just do a test now to see uh, I will bring up a terminal.
Here it is.
And I will run Docker minus minus version.
It's running actually that doesn't necessarily that means that that Docker is there.
Uh we will I'm on version 27.
It's it's not not up to date there, but version 27 for me.
We can now test whether it's running.
This is when we will find whether I've actually got Docker running right now.
Do Docker run hello world.
That's the one.
Hello Dash world.
That's like one that Docker makes available to us.
Let's give this a try.
Let's see what happens.
It is I do have it running and you can see a little message.
Hello from Docker.
This message shows you that your installation appears to be working correctly, and it tells you what
actually happened to generate.
Hello world Docker client.
Uh, pulled this image from the Docker Hub.
Now this was instant for me because I already had it for you.
This might have taken a few seconds.
It created a new container from that image.
You know, all this lingo.
Now you know about images and containers, uh, that enabled that produced this output that you're currently
reading.
And then it gives you some more ambitious things that you could try.
So, uh, there's, of course, a whole world to using Docker that I'm not going to go into now, but
you can read all about it should you wish, uh, by looking at Docker's docs or by asking your favorite
AI.