Okay, continuing on day five for part three.
Getting our application ready, we need to modify our SaaS application to deploy to AWS.
Now look, if you quite like the vassal application, then you may want to take a backup of this SaaS
folder and put it somewhere else.
Because I realize we've not pushed this into GitHub or anything.
This is just all just a directory.
So.
So you might want to copy this and call it SaaS Vassal or something.
Just so you have that to hand, because we're about to destroy it as we prepare things to deploy to
AWS.
So our currently our project should look like this.
We've got pages and API and styles and public.
So what we're going to do first is make it so that our front end is is written as a static website.
We're going to generate the final product that got served up before dynamically on demand.
So we're going to uh, create a static export so that now it's pure client.
It's just a set of HTML files generated HTML, JavaScript, and stylesheets generated from the Next.js
app that we put together.
Um, and so we are going to change this file next configure to include the fact that we want it to output
an export.
So I'm copying this I'm going to next configure.
Here it is.
And I am going to paste over this.
You can see all it's done is it's put this in here which allows us to output this whole site as a static
site that can be served up our front end part of it.
Okay.
Back we go.
We've made that first change.
All right.
We're now going to update our front end calls.
Now before we're used to with with the vessel we used to be be always posting to slash API.
Now we need to change this.
Now we're going to change this to be slash API slash consultation because we need to because we're going
to have everything running on the same server.
You'll see more in just a second.
But what we have to basically do is find this line here which is in the file product TSX, and change
it from that to this.
We're basically adding slash consultation in into the fetch uh, call.
So let's find this.
It's in pages TSX.
And if we look in here we should be able to find where it's making that call.
It's going to be a bit higher.
Bit higher.
Here we go right here.
Fetch events API.
This is where it's calling.
The front end is calling the back end right here.
And we're making that slash API slash consultation.
That's the second change I've saved that file.
That is done.
Okay, back we go.
All right.
Now we are now going to to make a new backend file called server.
And it's basically going to be an alternative to what we have Index.py right now.
And it's quite a bit chunkier.
Let me do that for you right now and then we'll talk about it.
Copy that.
And now I go to API.
There is Index.py.
That's not going to get used anymore.
We're going to make a new file.
We could just rename that one.
But we might as well keep keep that around for reference.
We'll make a new file.
We'll call it server.py.
Here it is.
And the contents will be this.
Let's, let's take a dig into this to see what's going on.
Okay.
So some things are the same as before.
We start by creating a fast API app.
So far so good.
We've got something interesting here called Cors middleware.
And this is another of those stories.
This is another of those rabbit holes we could go down to uh, is about the security setup.
That means that only the right front end, uh, is allowed to call our back end, preventing other people
from building websites that also call to our back end pretending to be our front end.
And we've got something set up here, uh, that is designed to to make sure that we don't block our
front end from calling us.
And later we're going to put some more controls around this.
So I'm not going to go into too much detail on Cors front end.
People know this so well because cause errors.
It's like the bane of a front end developers existence.
Uh, but for others, you can just take this as it is and do some research if you'd like to know more.
This is the same as before.
The visit is the same as before.
The AI stuff is the same as before.
Not much changed there.
Uh, as is the user prompt for this part.
We've changed this route, so it's now slash API slash consultation.
Uh, and the actual AI code is exactly the same as is our streaming response.
This is all the same.
Okay, this is something new.
We've got a new route called Slash Health, which is a health check.
And it's just going to return.
Status is healthy as a JSON object.
So that's just something else.
And AWS is going to want us to have that.
It's going to use this to check that things are going well.
And then we've got something else here.
And this is kind of interesting.
I mentioned way back when we were talking about what backends can do that, that backends can service
your APIs and can respond with different API routes with, with different things to do, but they can
also serve up a whole static site.
They can be your your provider of your web page.
And that's what's happening here.
If someone asks for slash for just the root, uh, the root URL of our, of our website, then this
is going to serve up index.html from our static, uh, site that we are going to build.
So this here is something which is allowing our back end to serve the entire front end that we will
have generated as a static website.
And it can serve that up to someone that hits this root.
And if you're not following all of this, get a general flavor for it.
Come back later.
Play with this yourself.
And in time I think this will come together.
Some of you have probably seen this stuff before and know exactly what I mean.
So that is the new contents of our server dot Pi, our back end serving an API, serving a health check,
and also being able to serve a static website for our front end.
Okay.
Next is to create a dot EMV file which will have our secrets that we'll use for this deployment.
And you can start by copying the EMV that you already set up, its mind ones right there that you're
already set up for this project before.
And it contains, I think, all four of these secrets at the top that you need the next public clerk
publisher key, the clerk secret key, the clerk URL, and the OpenAI API key.
But now you need to add in two more ones, which are the default AWS region.
And now this should be the AWS region, which is closest to you that you want to use as your default.
Now, I do believe that when you first signed in as your root account or your IAM account, that place
I showed you, it shows the region should default to the one closest to you, but otherwise if you just
google AWS regions, there's a AWS page which goes through all of the regions and which ones are closest
to different locations.
Uh, there's one.
If you're in Europe, then I think EU West one, which I think is in Ireland, is a very common choice.
There's many Asia Pacific ones.
There's one in Mumbai that's that's very common I think as, as is very large.
Um, and uh, there's on the West coast, of course, US West one and US West two, uh, very, uh,
very much used uh, so these, uh, all the different regions you could pick from, there's a huge number
of them.
Pick the one that's closest to you, and that should be the one that you go to.
On the console and us East one, which was I think the first one that they had, uh, is, uh, the
one that is also closest to me and the one that I choose, um, and then AWS account ID this is, of
course, the 12 digit number that you took down carefully.
Uh, that is on that is written by your user ID in the console that you can copy.
So you should put all of those into a dot EMV file.
I will go and do that myself right now and see you in a sec.