All right.
This is now the big moment when we get to create our own Docker image, starting with the Docker file.
So in this step I've got a Docker file written right here.
So let me copy all of this text.
Remember the docker file is the description of how to create a Docker image.
So we're now going to go to the project root and make a new file.
And we're going to call it Dockerfile exactly like that.
And paste it in there.
And here it is.
All right so let me just explain this Docker file.
Now some people will have used Docker files many times before.
And this will be old hat.
Some people.
This is the first Dockerfile you've ever seen.
And this is going to blow your mind.
Uh, and don't worry.
Get intuition.
You don't need to understand this.
You just have to get a feel for it.
So this set of instructions is actually going to end up creating two different Docker images.
One of them we're only using temporarily.
And we begin with the temporary one.
So this from command says I want you to connect to something called the Docker Hub, which is a well
known repository of existing Docker images, and use something as a starting point.
I want you to use a node version 22 Docker image as your starting point, and then I want to run a few
commands, which includes setting an environment variable and then running npm run build.
And that's the command you may remember, which we've set up so that that will generate a static version
of our website of our front end.
Based on what we built in Next.js.
It's going to ask Next.js to turn it into a static set of files.
Okay, that's now been done.
Now I'm going to work on the Docker image.
I'm going to start with a version of Python 3.12, a slim, a very simple version of it, using an existing
Docker image that's out there.
And I'm going to adapt it.
What am I going to do?
Well, I'm going to start by pip installing all the packages in my requirements.txt.
So everything's ready.
I'm going to copy in my file API slash server dot Pi, which has my backend, and then I'm going to
copy across from the temporary image that I just built a moment ago.
I'm going to copy across this static website, and I'm going to plonk it in this new image I'm creating.
You follow me here.
And then I'm going to have this thing called a health check, which is going to be able to hit our health
endpoint regularly.
And then finally I'm going to say port 8000 is where I'm going to be running my server.
And then I'm going to start up my server by making the command uvicorn.
I'm going to say it's in the server module, the app, uh, class.
And then I set my, my host and my port port 8000.
And that will launch our web server listening on port 8000 within this Docker image.
And so this then completes the definition of our of our Docker file, which defines the Docker image
that we want to create.
You can see it's not been saved yet I'm going to save it.
And now this is saved.
And now I'm going to do a quick best practice of creating a file called dockerignore.
Not strictly required here, but this these have files that get excluded from building the Docker image.
So new file dockerignore.
It's a similar concept to a git.
Ignore and paste in those files and save.
And that's done.
Okay.
Uh there is now we're going to now go ahead and build a Docker image from this Docker file.
So there's a script here, one for people on Mac and Linux and one for people on windows, which is
very simple.
All this does is it takes the environments that we set up in the env file, and it actually sets those
as environment variables in our terminal.
So if I open a new terminal here and I just run this script on a mac where I am when I run this, bam,
it's done.
Those environment variables are now set.
Okay.
And now this is the command I'm going to run this docker build command.
So for you to have this straight.
What this command does is it's going to take the Docker file, and it's going to use that to build a
new Docker image as described in that file.
And when I run this stuff starts to happen.
And in my case it's very quick because I've already run it and it's able to use the thing that's run
before.
In your case, it will take longer because it will need to do each of the different steps.
And you can see here how it's cached, the various different steps.
But what it will need to do is copy in the requirements, run pip install to install everything on the
Python side and then it will copy across.
It will do a run npm run build which builds your your front end server, and then it will copy across
those front end that static website from app out into static.
And that means we've now used npm run build to build a static front end.
And we've copied that into our server.
And finally that is then running or getting ready to run.
And at the end here, you'll see there are two warnings.
And these warnings are warning you that we are using a, an environment, uh, secret that we're using
it officially in our Docker container.
And it's worried about that.
But actually it's wrong to worry.
This is in fact, it's even called a public publishable key.
This key is something that can be public.
It's okay to use this.
So this warning, these two warnings can be safely ignored.
You should expect them and ignore them.
And that concludes we have just successfully built a Docker image from our Docker file.
Uh, and as part of it, we created another Docker container and then ran it in order to be able to
build our Docker image.
But that is now done.
It is built.
It probably took 2 to 3 minutes for you.
And then if you run it a second time, it will be instant like me.
And congratulations, you're now the proud owner of a Docker image that you have defined and described
that packages the back end and front end of this app, and what remains to be done next is to actually
run it to make a Docker container out of this image.
Let's give that a whirl.
Are you excited?
I hope you're excited.
We're about to launch first Docker container.
You probably forgot what our app even does now.
It seems like such a long time ago.
Uh, here it is.
This is the docker run command for Mac and for windows.
I'm going to run it on my Mac.
Copy that command, paste it in the terminal.
Let's see our Docker container come to life.
It's using our image that's called consultation app.
It started it and it's apparently running uh and it called its own health root to make sure it's okay.
Let's launch and see what we have here.
Uh, we'll say open.
Okay.
That's a good sign.
That's our user interface.
So just to make sure that you've really got this, this is running on my local box in a Docker container.
This is the front end.
And it's, it recognizes that I'm already logged in.