All right.
Now control C out of this Docker process.
It's time to deploy to AWS App Runner.
First of all we need to set set up our Docker container in the Elastic Container Registry or rather
our Docker image.
A Docker image or blueprint for containers needs to go in the Elastic Container Registry.
So first things first we need to go back to the AWS console.
Let's do that right away.
Here we are.
Uh let's go to AWS console.
Sign in.
We're already here.
Make sure that it's the AI engineer user, not some other user, and go to the Elastic Container Registry.
There it is.
I just typed ECR in here.
And up came the Elastic Container Registry for us right here.
Uh, okay.
And, uh, ignore the fact that I already have some things in here, including what we've got right
now.
Uh, because I may have done this before, but we are now going to upload your container to the Elastic
Container Registry.
Okay.
So first make sure that you've got your right region selected here, whatever region is closest to you.
Uh, you can see here there's like, like the, uh, the different US regions, like the West Coast
and East coast, there's Mumbai and there is Singapore, and there's there's Canada, there's Europe.
I think I mentioned EU West one.
I know it's very popular.
Uh, so uh, and SA East one.
So these are the different regions that you might have selected.
Make sure you've got the same one selected that you have in your env file that you've used for this.
Then press create repository.
Now what we're going to call this is going to be exactly consultation.
Consultation dash app.
Uh and it's got to be exactly that because we are going to use that later.
And I hope it's about to complain to me that I've already got that set up if I've spelt it right.
Uh, and then everything else is fine to leave as the default and then press create and I won't because
it will throw an error because I've already got one created.
And once you've done that, uh, you're set to come back to the instructions.
So the next thing we're going to do is to configure the AWS cli, uh, which is the, the command line
interface for interacting with AWS from a terminal on the screen.
And the first thing we need to do is, uh, go back in as, uh, as to the console again.
And we're going to go to the security credentials flag to set up this particular access right here.
Uh, so, uh, we'll go over there right now and follow these instructions.
So we're back in the AWS console.
We're signed in as our IAM user AI engineer.
You click up here and you go to security credentials right there like this.
And over here on security credentials, you're going to scroll down.
By the way, you should set up MFA.
I don't have it set up right now because for this course I want to be able to move fast.
But I will set it up shortly.
And it's a good thing to have it set up.
You don't want anyone to even come in as your AI engineer, and you come down to the access keys section
and you press Create Access key.
You select command line interface.
Uh, it recommends not not doing that, but we have every reason to use the command line interface you
tick.
I understand the recommendations.
You give it a value for to describe why you're using it.
And you say something like Docker push access and then you press Create access key.
And it's going to allow you to download a CSV with those details.
And you'll see that there are two keys as part of it.
And access key ID and a secret access key.
And you need to keep note of both of them that got set up as part of that access key.
Okay.
And then.
And then, uh, click.
Done.
And now it's time to set up the aws cli.
So, uh, if you are on, uh, Mac, there's one instruction.
You type this brew install aws, cli windows.
You go to that link there and you install it from that link.
And then when you're ready we're going to type AWS configure to set this up okay.
So here I am I type AWS configure.
You might need to to open a new terminal for this to come up.
If you've uh only just installed the aws CLI.
When I type that up it comes.
It wants my access key.
And this is where it already knows my access key.
So I've done this before.
You'll have to paste in your access key that you just took note of your secret access key that you'll
also paste in, that you just took note of your default region name.
You know this only too well.
Now this is going to be whatever region you have selected.
I'm going with us.
East one output format.
Leave that as none.
And it's done.
You've just set up the AWS command line interface so that you can access AWS from your terminal.
Congratulations.
Okay.
It's time now to push this, uh, this, uh, two to the consultation app, our Docker image.
And, uh, the, uh, we've we've already loaded our env variables, but but just just in case you haven't,
I'm just going to go back and show you that one more time.
I'm going back all the way back here to this app here.
And this is the Mac step.
I'm going to run this again to make sure that my environment variables are loaded in.
And you should do the the windows version if you're on windows.
Okay.
Um, now back we go.
Here we are now going to run the following set of commands to push this, uh, This Docker image to
ECR.
We're going to do them one by one and then that will be done.
And I'm looking of course at the Mac Linux instructions.
And directly below this are the PC instructions instead.
So first of all we're going to authenticate uh Docker to to ECR.
And it is just going to take our environment variables to set them up.
So off it goes.
It should say that that's logged in successfully.
It says login succeeded.
All right.
We're now going to build our Docker image.
Now you might wonder why we're doing this again when we just built our Docker image.
And there's a good reason for it.
And this this is super sneaky.
So listen up.
But it's super sticky for Mac users.
Uh, you need to, to, to do this.
If you're on you need to do this anyway.
But particularly for people on Apple Silicon, uh, you need to be aware that, uh, you need to build
the Docker container, specifically the Docker image.
Sorry, specifically for a Linux backend box, because what you've already built is for Apple Silicon
and wouldn't work if that were deployed to AWS.
So this is like a sneaky thing that people discover, and everyone has some battle scars from this.
If you have an Apple silicon like an like an M1 box, um, but that means we're actually seeing it now.
Last time it did it all from the cache, this time it's actually building this.
So this is what we didn't get to do together before.
But you've already done it before, which is it is building the whole Docker image from scratch.
It's right now it's just built the front end.
It's now it's sorry.
It's now doing the front end export.
Uh, there you can see uh, see the export running in Next.js creating an optimized production build.
This is the, uh, set of raw HTML, JavaScript, CSS files that can be served up representing our front
end.
That's all being built now.
It's almost done generating the static pages.
And then this Docker image will be built and ready to be deployed.
So when that's done we're then going to to tag it so that it's marked as a consultation app.
Latest.
Here we go.
It's just completed with the same warnings as before that we can safely ignore.
We now run tag.
It's now marked as the latest version of consultation app.
And finally we push this to ECR.
We're now pushing this Docker image to ECR.
Off it goes.
And I will let that push and I will see you in a second okay.
It's done.
It's done.
All right.
So now it is time for us to launch App Runner and actually get this thing going.
Uh, if you've been following we've made a Docker image based on the Docker image that we already tested
it locally.
It works locally.
We've now made that ready to be deployed, and we've uploaded it to the Elastic Container Registry.
So it's now sitting there, and it's time now for us to tell AWS we want to launch this as as a website
served on AWS.
So we start by going back to the the console.
Here we are.
And we search for App Runner.
Here is AWS App Runner coming up right now.
All right.
Uh, you can see I already have some of those running.
And then what we're going to do next is uh, we're going to click on Create Service and then choose
a container registry and Amazon ECR.
Let me uh, do that create service Container Registry.
Amazon ECR.
Uh, and, uh, that's that's great.
Uh, and then we'll click browse and select consultation app and latest browse here.
Consultation app.
Latest continue.
And then deployment settings manual.
Create new service roll deployment settings manual.
Create new service roll.
And then next.
The service name that we're to give this is going to be Consultation App Service.
And I'm going to call it Consultation App Service two because I've already got service running.
Service two.
Uh, and then the memory.
We're going to have a very slim one.
We're just going to have a quarter of a CPU and half a gigabyte, so it's nice and lightweight.
Quarter of a CPU, half a gigabyte is set.
So it's a very small machine, which is all that's required.
And we now have to set the environment variables we're going to have to set if we look down here three
environment variables clerk secret key, clerk URL and OpenAI API key that we will take all those three
from our env file, which we've just got already ready to hand.
And we're going to set them in here by pressing Add Environment variable.
Uh it's a plain text.
We're going to type out OpenAI API key and then copy and paste from our env file.
And I'm going to go and do that now.
And I will see you back in one second when I've done that.