and now let me introduce myself to convince you I'm actually qualified to talk to you about this
with apologies to those that have heard my intro about three times before. It's going to be exactly
the same. I'm going to make the same exact jokes. Put me on 2x. Zoom through this, please. But for
those new to me, I'm Ed Donner. I am the co-founder, CTO of an AI startup called Nebula.io.
Go check us out. Before that, most of my career, I was at JP Morgan where I ended up as an MD
leading a team of about 300 technologists. I started out in London, which is where I'm from
originally, as you can probably tell from my accent. I spent a few great months in Tokyo
where I had an amazing time and then ended up in NYC, which is where I live now. Before Nebula,
where I work now, I founded an AI startup called Untapped and it was acquired a few years ago.
This here is the picture from Times Square of our acquisition being announced. This is a magical
moment for me. In fact, if you squint, if you look really carefully and you squint,
then what you can see right here, that is a picture of me. You don't need to take my word
for it. You can look at the few pixels that are there. Okay, a bit of a leap of faith,
but that is in fact me right there on the Times Square billboard at that moment.
And the other reason I show you this photo, not just to show off at that moment,
also because in fact, I do live right there. I live about one block from Times Square,
that away. I live kind of behind that guitar. So I'm actually not in New York right now,
I'm in London, but when I am in New York, you will find me right there looking out at you.
So that's a little bit about me. And it's customary with these things to show some sort
of personal picture of a hobby or something. So here's a picture of me in front of a plane that
I just flew. And you might think that this is my attempt to tell you that this is something I'm
very skilled at, but quite the contrary. My great skills when it comes to LLMs is only surpassed
by my complete inability to do anything requiring hand-eye coordination. And so in fact,
I'd suggest to you, if you're getting on a plane and you're going perhaps to a conference or
perhaps on holiday, and you look in the cockpit and the flight deck, and you see that it's me
standing and sitting there with the stick, the yoke there about to control your jet,
then you want to be looking for a parachute very quickly. If however, you've turned up on a course
to take a course about building and deploying LLMs, gen AI and agentic AI in production,
then luckily you've come to the right place. That is in fact, my skill set. Let's get on
with the course. So I just want to set your expectations about something that you might
not be expecting. So a lot of people have asked for this course. It's by far the most requested
topic for me. And I ran a survey and more than the majority asked for this course. But I think
that people might be under a bit of a misconception. I think that when people think about
deploying AI software to production, people are expecting a course which is say about 80%
is going to be deep in the weeds of artificial intelligence concerns, what it takes to deploy
agentic apps into production with agents connecting and talking and stuff. And they
people I think are aware that there's going to be some DevOps work, some cloud deployment work
and dealing with AWS security dealing with with scaling different componentry. And so people are
expecting that that work as well in the mix. But I think the reality is a bit different from that.
I think that the reality is more like this. Sure, there's some AI concerns, we're going to be
talking about deploying AI. But I got to tell you, 80%, maybe 70% of what we're going to be doing
is going to be about platform engineering, it's going to be DevOps, it's going to be configuring
these different cloud providers, it's going to be as we just saw from Vercel, not that it was an AI
app. But a lot of it was about configuring and setting up deployments in production. And whether
the Python code you're deploying is saying, welcome to production, hello from production,
or whether it's calling an LLM and doing something related to generative or agentic AI,
turns out to not be a major factor in what you're doing. Now, for sure, throughout this course,
we'll have the AI lens on, we won't be working with any old database in production, we'll be
working with vector databases. And we won't be working with any old API, we'll be working
with things like Bedrock and SageMaker, looking at LLM APIs. But nonetheless, it's important to
take note that you are signing up for a lot of DevOps over the next four weeks. That's a big part
of deploying AI to production. So as I say, there's going to be a lot of AI related concerns, we'll be
talking about things like observability, which is super important. We'll be deploying MCP servers,
which is a very hot area. But the bulk of what we're going to be doing is traditional cloud
platform engineering, and you better believe it. But that's quite interesting, too.
All right, one of the points to make about the course is that I've tried to structure this
to follow what people talk of as the T shape, which is that we're going to cover a lot of breadth,
we're going to cover lots of different providers, we're going to cover things like CICD and GitHub
Actions. And we're going to go deep in one particular stripe, which is I've picked AWS. So
whilst I do plan to give you exposure to all the major cloud providers, to AWS and to Google Cloud
Platform, and to Microsoft Azure, we're going to be focusing most of our attention on Amazon AWS,
because that is the most common of the providers used in industry, and I want to prep you
best for industry. But I'll talk about the parallels between them as we go as well.