Okay, so my secrets have now been saved.
They're just up there.
Just off of off the top there.
And, uh, this here is very important where it says port, you need to change this to 8000, because
that is the port that it's listening on.
Uh, auto scaling right here.
You need to come in here and you need to say create new ASC.
Give it a name like I'm going to call this like basic, uh, how many, uh, requests can be running
concurrently at any one time?
Let's say no more than ten.
Let's say the minimum number of instances is one, but the maximum is also one.
So we're not going to have more than one of these running ever.
But this is where you can have it.
So that it could scale up a lot if you were building a platform that needed to be highly scalable.
And now we add that that is how this this the scaling configuration for this.
And then we add health check information.
I've actually already filled this in.
But you choose a protocol which you should choose HTTP.
Give it a path which in our case should be slash health.
Say that we want timeout out of five and an interval of 20.
That's saying that it will wait up to five seconds before it decides that this isn't healthy.
And every 20s it will do this, uh, if it does them five in a row that fail, then that's considered
trouble.
If a couple are successful, then that's considered healthy.
And that is our health checks that run and this is it.
And then you press next.
You get to review everything one more time.
And that shows my secrets.
So I'm not going to do that.
But you do that.
You'll see everything.
Make sure it looks good.
It's a quarter of a CPU.
Make sure you're comfortable with everything that's going on.
You have a sense we are ready to deploy our container to App Runner and then press the button to do
this, and I will see you in a second.
It will take a few minutes to run.
So hopefully you found it was in fact a create and deploy.
That was the button to press after you were reviewing the details.
And once you press that, you should be looking at a screen like this, except yours should say consultation
app service, not consultation App service two because I did already test that.
That works.
Uh, but here you see it here it's it's it's it's working.
It's working to deploy this consultation app service.
So this is going to be AWS App Runner, which is able to take the Docker container that we had built,
the Docker image that we built that was working when we ran it locally.
And we uploaded it to the container registry.
And we are now running an app runner service that will use that Docker image that we built and that
we know works.
So this is still deploying.
I'll just point out a couple of things about this screen that you're seeing here.
You'll see one of these arns.
Remember I mentioned that before.
Everything in Amazon has an Arn.
Uh and this is no exception.
This this app runner is has this Arn.
You can see within it.
It has app runner.
It has the name of the region where it's running.
It has the account ID in there too.
And then all of the other details about it.
Um, and this source here is pointing to the container, the image really in the Elastic Container Registry,
uh, which this is being built from, that is the source, the image that is sourced for this particular
app runner instance.
All right.
With that, I will leave this to finish off running.
Oh, and as if by magic as I finish this, it has now run.
And so this is where it is running.
It's running on this domain this Https right here.
So this is the moment of truth.
I'm going to click on this and see what happens.
This is on the internet.
This is AWS App Runner.
This is our app everybody.
This is our app running on AWS deployed live to AWS.
I'm going to sign in.
I'm going to sign in as my user ID.
Here we go.
Continue.
We're now signed in.
We just we just authenticated through Clark.
And now I'm going to press the open consultation assistant.
This is running on Amazon Web Services.
Uh, okay.
So, uh, editor Donna was the patient.
Well, might as well stick with the try I've got.
I've definitely got a headache after all this AWS stuff, uh, complained Of a headache.
I told him to take Tylenol.
All right.
And generate a summary.
So now everything is whirring in the cloud.
Um, and with any luck, our client, our static client, our client here is now calling the server
running in AWS App Runner.
And, uh, this is now going to be calling OpenAI.
And lo and behold, back comes our summary with the doctor's, uh, summary, the next steps for the
doctor and the draft of the email to go to the patient.
Me, uh, with the headache.
And so I present to you a deployed application along with its subscription and authentication.
It is running it's in a Docker container deployed on AWS using AWS App Runner.
And you should be looking at this yourself.
And may I be the first to congratulate you on a live AWS deployment.