Well, I imagine some of you are feeling a bit like a deer caught in headlights with everything that
just happened so much.
And yeah, I'm here to tell you, please don't worry.
Go with it.
This is going to be about absorbing more information as we go.
There is a lot to AWS.
I feel like you might have seen the enormous contrast.
It was so easy to deploy to Vercel and get something running.
It was almost too easy.
It almost felt like that was too good to be true.
Uh, and really cool to experience that.
And then AWS is almost the opposite experience.
It's like, why is it so hard just to set up a user ID just to have access to all this permission stuff,
these user policies and then attaching all these policies, user groups?
I mean, there's so much terminology.
What is ECR and App Runner and CloudWatch and all these other things.
Uh, and so uh, yeah, I'm, I'm here to tell you, uh, don't don't let it become too much.
We didn't even look at CloudWatch yet but but we're going to uh and that's something that if you wanted
to, you could take a click around and see some of the logging that you can see in in CloudWatch there
as well.
Um, but it's a very quick recap to what we did.
We built a front end.
Uh, it was a react front end using the Next.js application framework.
It's using the TypeScript variant rather than JavaScript.
We use the pages router, not app router, and we use tailwind CSS.
We built a backend using fast API.
We used Clark for user authentication and for subscription plans.
And then we packaged everything into a Docker container.
And we did it with this approach of having the front end be compiled into like a static front end,
and have it be served up by the backend, all in one nice Docker container that we tested locally.
And it worked.
We could run our front end and back end together in a Docker container running locally.
And then we took that container, or to be precise, we we took the image and we pushed that to the
the Elastic Container Registry.
And then we deployed to AWS App Runner.
AWS is simple approach for deploying containers to the cloud.
One of the simplest ways to go live on AWS.
And we did it.
Congratulations, and maybe worth mentioning again, I guess that there was an LLM in here.
We we we called OpenAI and we streamed back results.
So, uh, whilst it felt like this was all configuration, like we were in AWS console all week long,
like clicking here, setting up permissions, uh, but there was an LLM involved at the end of it.
So hopefully this has given you some some groundwork.
If this feels a lot then do go back through again.
Do some some some revision of this.
Click around the AWS console.
A great practice to do right now is to go back in as your root user and look at the costs.
There should be no material costs at this point, but it's a great practice to do so.
Please do it right away.
Log in as the root user.
Check that the cost screens, uh, cost and billing, billing and cost management, uh, section.
And make sure that everything looks good.
And then the assignment for you.
The assignment, of course, as I said in day four, is to go and beef up this app, go and make it
have more functionality, more functionality, and then deploy it to Vercel.
And that's going to be super easy.
You're going to do it in a heartbeat.
It's so easy.
And then take a deep breath, prepare yourself and deploy it to AWS.
Now that you've set everything up, that's really the hardest part is all this configuration, all the
IAM stuff, all these other parts.
The final steps of just building the Docker container, pushing it to ECR and then building the building
and deploying your app runner.
That's just it's not that hard once you've done it a couple of times.
So that's what you have to do now.
You have to go through and do it.
And please do put your results in in a repo and link to them and put that in community contributions
so I can see the work you've done and the different ways you build this app.
And wouldn't it be cool if you actually turned this into a proper SaaS product?
Contact a few, uh, healthcare, uh, contacts, a few doctor's offices and see if you can't pitch
to them.
You're amazing.
uh, automated assistant that can help their practice be more efficient.
That would be really cool.
Anyway, that concludes a massive day five.
I warned you, after day four, the day five will be a lot.
Your brain might be fried, but you've learned so much.
It concludes week one.
We built a SaaS product.
We deployed it to production.
It was pretty easy to go to vassal.
It was.
It was quite traumatic putting it on AWS.
But we got there.
We got it done.
It's live, it's scalable, it's robust, it can be monitored.
Uh, this is a industrial strength deployment onto AWS.
And you should be super proud with your progress.
I am so happy to tell you that you are 25% through being an expert in production deployment.
And I'm really excited.
Now to launch into week two.
You've you've already you've dipped your toe into the AWS waters.
And next week we're going to take a big old plunge.
So so so be ready for that.
And I'm really excited for it.
And I'll see you for week two.