And now the single most common question I get is how do your courses fit together?
What order should I take them in? Let me lay it out for you. I have six courses in my curriculum.
The first of them is called AI Builder, and it's about creating agents and voice agents
with any N and 11 labs. The second one is called AI Coder, and it's about building software and
products using cloud code and other coding agents. And the third one is called AI Leader,
and it's about delivering AI projects, transforming your business with AI,
and even starting an AI business. That's AI Leader. And the next three courses are all
about AI engineering. There's the AI engineer core track, which is about NLMs and APIs and
open source NLMs and rag and fine tuning. And then there's the AI engineer agentic track,
which is about agent loops, open AI agents, SDK, MCP. And then there's the AI engineer production
track, deploy at scale to AWS, GCP, and Azure. And those are the six courses in my AI curriculum.
And my big message for you is that all six of these courses complement each other. There's
little overlap between them. Each of them covers different topics. And let me tell you what you'll
be able to do after you complete each one. After AI Builder, you'll be able to create
agents and voice agents for your business without needing to write a line of code.
After AI Coder, you'll be an expert in using coding agents like Claude Code to deliver software
with astonishing speed. AI Leader will position you to deliver commercial impact, whether you
work at a startup or a Fortune 500 enterprise. And now for the AI engineering trio, the core track
will position you to select, apply, and optimize LLMs to solve real world commercial problems.
And the agentic track is the same thing, but this time with autonomous AI agents. And the production
track will let you take LLMs and agents and deploy them on the cloud at scale with resiliency and
observability and security. I've organized the courses so that there's something there for
everyone. But generally speaking, the first three courses are best suited for people that are either
technical or non-technical, a wide audience. The fourth and fifth course are best for people that
are either technical or aspiring technical. You're ready, you're curious, you want to learn to be more
technical, or you already are. And then the sixth one is best for someone that's already technical
or that has already completed courses one to five. That's how they're laid out. And if you've completed
the entire program, all six courses in the curriculum, and you've delivered all the associated
projects, then you can call yourself a proficient AI engineer and you're ready to take on roles like
AI engineer, applied AI engineer, FDE engineer, in industry today, solving real world problems with
LLMs and agents. And you can take the courses in any order you wish. They're great companions for
each other. All things being equal and the most natural progression is probably one through to
six as it's shown here. And if I was starting out, that's probably the order that I would pick,
but it's completely up to you. Pick the topic that interests you and follow the progression that
makes the most sense for you. And as a pro tip for you, if you look at the set of lectures for
this course, if you scroll all the way down to the very end, the final lecture is in fact a document.
And if you open that up, you'll see that it contains a summary of these courses and special
links into the courses. That's a great resource for you to have to hand. You'll find it in the
final lecture. And actually, I should mention that that resource has some special offers that
are only available to existing students. So you definitely don't want to miss it. Okay,
with that, you've picked an excellent course. It fits in great. Let's get on with it.