It's almost a wrap for our first day together on this journey, and I do have two more messages for
you.
And I know you're bored of messages, but these are important.
Please do pay attention to me.
First one is about API costs and this is super important.
I want to make the point that you are in control of API costs, and you have complete freedom to choose
whether you spend nothing or whether you spend something, but also that you are responsible for this
as well.
Let me tell you what I mean.
Most of the things that we do on this course are completely free, as you will see, and I will tell
you as we go.
Some of them do have a cost, particularly AWS.
When we look to build AWS components, some of the stuff is free.
With Lambda, you get a huge number of Lambda requests.
We won't spend a dime on that, but some of the things do have a small charge associated with them.
All in all, for the whole course, everything should be in the region of $5, maybe up to $10 if you
just choose to splash out.
It could be a bit more if you wanted.
Plus, if you choose to register domains, if you want to have something.com or whatever, whatever
you choose, then of course there is a fee associated with that.
You're probably familiar with that.
It depends on the domain you choose.
And we'll be going through standard registrars and that is completely optional.
Uh, if you want to do it then then it's there.
Now, when it comes to the 5 to $10 range that I've quoted for you, should you choose to spend that,
this is not something that's guaranteed.
Now, look, I get a lot of complaints about people who put down their $5 with OpenAI.
It's annoying to have to put something in up front and then draw down against that.
But all things considered, I've always actually thought that it's quite a good thing overall that they
do it this pay as you go way, because the major cloud providers don't work that way.
Providers like AWS and Google Cloud Platform.
GCP and Azure don't work that way.
You have to enter in a credit card to set up your cloud deployment.
And because these are used in earnest by enterprises for major deployments, they don't have something
like a drawdown.
They don't have like a pay as you go option.
And they don't have like a hard floor below which things stop working.
That's not how it works.
They just build up charges and you can register things like alerts and set various quotas that we will
be doing.
But there are very few controls in the way of a hard cap.
That's not the way it works.
And that means that it's not guaranteed that you would stay in any spend bracket.
You have to monitor it.
And that is something which needs to be your responsibility.
Because this is this comes with the territory of working with the professional cloud platforms.
It will always be your choice.
You can always choose to not spend anything.
And where there are some times when I.
When I do things that come with a cost, you can skip them and just take the learning.
Let me talk to you about them.
You learn about them.
You know how you'll be able to do them when you work for a company that uses that service, but none
of it is required, and plenty of what we cover is free for you to get huge value from this course without
spending a penny.
The API costs one more time.
They need to be your responsibility.
I will be showing you how to monitor them and set alerts, but you shouldn't do anything if you're not
comfortable with how you'll be able to track what you're spending, and you're not completely comfortable
that you're getting the right alerts and will frequently come back and check and make sure that it's
set up the way we want.
And we'll go into the various control panels, as you must do to regularly.
So one more time, I know I've already said this.
Unlike OpenAI, most most of the services, when we get to to the to the mainstream cloud deployments
or the enterprise scale deployments for real production infrastructure.
They will have alerts, but they won't have caps.
And it's your responsibility to be monitoring API spend and make sure you stay within your comfortable
limits.
Okay, one final topic for today, and it's a funny one.
Uh, so look, I just wanted to make this point.
My other courses, the first couple of days of activities on them involve setting up environments,
configuration, setting up keys, installing software, setting up APIs and the like.
And I got to tell you that whereas it's about it's less than 20% of the time, it's where I get about
80% of my questions.
And I got to tell you that out of all of my questions, some of my questions are people asking interesting,
intriguing aspects of of using Llms.
And they tend to be very, very friendly and happy.
But the questions that come from the environment setup part tend to be the less happy of my questions.
It tends to be people who are super frustrated and they're just banging their head against a wall and
they're saying, I'm about to give up with this, I blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and and people
get really angry.
There was one person that was really mad at me for a long time, uh, because the OpenAI API key wouldn't
work.
He was absolutely furious.
And we we sort of like like I was telling him that we need to be patient.
There's going to be a good explanation at the end of it.
But he wasn't having it.
He was he was convinced.
I think there was something wrong with the course or something.
And in the end, I get him to send me a screenshot of his M file.
Uh, although he didn't want to do that.
Uh, but I thought we had to get to that point, and I saw that he had misspelled OpenAI API key as
open API key.
Actually, lots of people have done that.
It's an easy, like a mind trick to get into.
And once you've done it, you can't.
You don't see it.
Uh, and when I gently pointed it out to him, I mean, he was just furious.
Still, he was annoyed.
Some some Somehow I feel like it was my fault that this had happened.
But anyways, my point is people are mean when it comes to environment set up.
People hate it.
It is.
It is frustrating and painful.
And the thing is that this course is all about setting up and configuring and keys and installations.
And when you have like different agents running MCP servers and being able to talk to each other, that
might sound like it's a lot of juicy coding and it is juicy, but the juicy part is a lot of configuration
stuff, and that's where things go wrong.
So basically we've got four weeks ahead, which is almost like four weeks of environment setup.
So I'm mentally preparing myself for tons of questions from people who are perhaps not not not as happy
as they have been on others.
And so that that's something for you also to be mentally prepared for.
And in fact, I tell you this from bitter personal experience because I've spent the last few weeks,
building the projects that we'll be doing together over the next four weeks.
And I can tell you that I had some maddening moments.
There were times when I made simple typos like I didn't.
I made a mistake with US East one, and I left out one of the hyphens.
I looked straight through it and it took hours to track that down because the error messages were obscure.
I couldn't see it.
Uh, and I'm sure people will make the same OpenAI API key mistake and it will be challenging.
And I also made a mistake with a much more complex issue, where I built a binary on my Mac and I was
deploying it to AWS, and it was failing because the system architectures were different.
But the message was some message do with pedantic, which seemed like it was something that was more
application related.
And so I went went off track and this one took me days.
So these problems can be very thorny too.
And everyone will have a different problem related to their setup.
A big part of the learning is getting the skill of being able to track down what is it that's causing
this particular issue, especially in times when the error messages can be quite misleading.
And so with that, this brings me to my terms of service.
These are the terms that I ask you to accept.
Five terms please.
The first of them is that I want you to commit to embracing each of these roadblocks to to take them
with enthusiasm, with a positive attitude as much as is possible.
It's where the real learning happens.
These are super frustrating at the time.
I know I've been cussing away for the last few weeks, but it's where the learning happens and even
the pros hit these things too.
The trick is to to to develop the kinds of techniques and skills to be able to quickly identify what
the problem is, and that comes with practice.
Secondly, I need you to agree that when you do hit these problems, you will roll up your sleeves and
dig in.
This is an opportunity to do some research, to experiment, post on Stack Overflow, post on the on
the forum itself where you're experiencing the problem.
Uh, try and see what you can do to figure out what's going on, because everyone's situation is a bit
different and it's going to take you doing some, some deep research to figure out what's at the root
of the problem.
Use LMS.
For sure.
LMS are great at this stuff.
You can paste, you can paste, stack traces, or paste error messages into ChatGPT or Claude and they
will often give great advice.
But here's the thing sometimes they will not give great advice.
There are a number of traps of using LMS.
They have blind spots.
They need to be reminded what the current date is, so that they give you answers that pertain to the
current date.
They constantly give you old versions of model names, and you should verify everything they suggest
by making sure you understand it and maybe asking another LLM.
One of the common traps with Llms is that when you give them a stack trace, they tend to try and apply
like a bandaid on top of the current problem, rather than thinking what's the root cause?
What's the bigger issue at play here?
So for example, in the previous issue that I mentioned to you when I was having a problem because I
built a binary on on my Mac, I had tried putting that stack trace with pedantic in it into an LLM,
and the advice that I got was very much about trying to correct for this pedantic issue.
And to start with, I was thinking, this feels a bit weird, but okay, we'll go along with this.
And we went off down a huge rabbit hole of building all of this stuff.
And when I when I was realizing that it was trying to to build and compile a ton of things on on Lambda,
I had to to say, hey, stop, wait a minute, hang on.
But this is working for me locally.
It works fine, and it's only when I deploy that something goes wrong.
What you're doing right now would also affect what I'm doing locally.
So it can't make sense that that will address the root cause of this problem.
And it was only when I really went through that, that conversation with the LM that we got eventually
to the right outcome.
Uh, I can tell you I kind of I found myself losing my temper with the LM, which is some, some weird
thing that that goes on these days.
One tends to get quite, quite, uh, it's easy to have quite an emotional reaction to the LM, but
I got furious with why it was trying to, to to to put these Band-Aids around.
Pedantic.
You may find that happens to you too, but always, always keep in mind that it's all about the context.
The more information you give the LM about the situation, the better it will be able to address it.
And you need to remind it.
Don't just try and fix this immediate error message.
Try and think about what's the root cause, what's the underlying problem that's getting us here.
Let's address the root cause, the bigger picture problem, not just try and work around the current
exception.
That's super important context.