And the fourth term, you, uh, sign up for the fact that if you post issues on Udemy, I will.
I will always try and help.
Uh, but it's going to be not I'm not going to be as good as I've been with my other courses because
it's much harder.
My other course is typically when people post problems, it's about the code and I can reproduce it,
I can recreate it, and I can fix problems pretty quickly.
But if I'm not able to reproduce, if you have some problem which is pertains to your environment and
your setup and your accounts, then I won't be able to recreate it in the same way.
And I can maybe give some pointers and some hints, but it's going to be much harder for me to say you
need to do x, Y, and Z.
It's not going to be that easy.
Uh, so the the definitely do post to me and I will do my best, but recognize that it's going to be
much harder for me to help you than usual, and so you will need to stick at it for longer than before.
Uh, and uh, there might come a point when you when you decide, all right, I've invested enough in
this, you know, if it's if it's Azure, you might think I don't I don't care that much about this.
We're only spending a day on Azure.
I'm just going to go onto GCP and do that.
So that's always a possibility.
You can listen to the videos and take it in if if you really hit a roadblock.
But but do try and stick at it as long as possible.
Um, and do post as much as you can on Udemy, including when you find a resolution for other people.
And on that note, please do also look out for other things that other students have posted on Udemy.
There's a huge benefit of crowds in this.
We each have slightly different systems.
We might hit different problems, and if you've hit one and found a solution to it, post it on Udemy
in the Q&amp;A.
And also look out for anyone else that's struggling with that that you might be able to help with.
That would be so valuable.
More, more than ever before.
More than more than any of my other courses.
This is one where the community can really count.
So please do do think about that.
Do do keep an eye on the Udemy Q&amp;A A and see if you can't help out other people who are stuck.
So at this point, I'm very excited to pilot a new feature in Udemy.
A new feature which allows allows for more interaction between you and the course.
Um, what I'd like to do is I'd like you to review these five terms, and I'm now going to activate
this feature.
And what I need to ask you to do is actually your computer is now now has audio activated.
And I need you to say out loud I agree.
Once you've read this to confirm that you sign up for these terms and that you are agreeing to do this.
So if you can now just just say say out loud, I agree.
Uh, so so if you said it then then then you didn't say it loudly enough.
If you wouldn't mind saying it again.
But but a bit louder and say I agree so that this advances to the next step.
I don't suppose anyone fell for that.
But, but but the idea was, the idea was that maybe someone says I agree out loud and that's great.
That's what I want.
That's what I want to hear.
You've just agreed to the fact that you will do these five things on this list, and that's all I ask
for.
Uh, so whether or not you actually said it out loud, uh, and, uh, I'm sure.
Sure.
You saw I was heading with that.
Uh.
Thank you.
Uh, thank you for agreeing to the terms.
It's so important.
That's what it will take for this course to be successful.
And I'm very grateful.
And enough of this nonsense.
Uh, let's let's let's wrap up and to wrap up, finally, just just to point out that I'm available
to to help and to connect with you if you're not thoroughly fed up with me for my silly joking around,
uh, you can reach me on Udemy in the Q&amp;A.
And as I say, I will always reply and I'll always reply quickly, but it might be harder for me to
help you with this course, but I'll do my best.
You can reach me by email, which is another great way to reach me.
There's my email address right there.
And I'm on LinkedIn.
And if you could forgive me for for my silliness, uh, then please do LinkedIn with me.
I love connecting with people.
Uh, some people are very coy about connecting with them and say, if you connect with me, then say
how you know me or something.
I'm not like that at all.
If you connect with me, I'll connect back happily.
And if you say hi, I'll say hi back.
And, uh.
So for sure, please do connect with me if you're willing.
And I love I love building this community and being part of it and having lots of data scientists and
engineers connected with me.
And so you can use LinkedIn to connect, of course, to ask questions.
But also, importantly, you can post the projects that we build on this course and your assignments,
uh, on LinkedIn to, to the people that you're connected with.
And then tag me if you wish.
Uh, and say something about about, uh, make some comment about it and then I will weigh in and add
to that.
And that's a great way to share the progress that you're making with all the other people on the course
that are also connected with me, that get to see it, and also by by adding some comments, I can help
to amplify the projects that you're building and it showcases your expertise to larger audiences.
And that's something that might draw the attention of a future, uh, future client of yours, or perhaps
even a future employer.
Let me bring back up the curriculum, the four week curriculum.
Now, with the first day highlighted to show that it's been completed, you have finished day one.
We have deployed our first rather simple AI app.
Uh, but it's nice and I hope you're proud of it.
We have many, many more to come.
And with that, that means that you are now 5% complete, 5% on this journey to being able to deploy
generative AI and Agentic AI into production.
And I tell you, I could not be more excited to be on this journey with you.
We have so much great stuff ahead of us and that all begins with day two tomorrow.
I'll see you then.