Well, if you're still here, that means you haven't been completely put off by day one, which was
quite a marathon day.
And you're here back for day two of Genii and Agentic AI in production.
So what do I have in store for you today?
We're going to be talking about the front end and the back end, putting them together to make a full
stack application.
And I gotta tell you, we are hardly going to scrape the surface of what it takes to write a front end.
I imagine some of you are actually front end engineers on this course, looking to get more well rounded.
And for you, the next few slides are going to be kind of easy for some of you.
You might be completely new to front end engineering.
I'm just going to cover the basics to give you a framework, to give you the intuition for what it is
that goes on when you build the front end side of a web application.
I'm going to ask you to review the code to look at what I'm doing, get an LLM to explain it if you
don't understand it.
They're also amazing at generating front end code.
Use this to give you the foundation of what's going on.
When you build a front end and a back end to work together.
And just to start with some definitions.
So obviously when we say front end, we're referring to the code that runs in the user's browser, a
combination of HTML for the structure of the page, CSS, the stylesheets for the appearance of the
page, and then JavaScript which is used, for example, for what happens when a button is clicked,
or for making animations move.
It's the interactivity of the page, and then the back end is the business logic running on the server.
It includes database access, calling LMS, potentially calling other APIs, storing your secrets and
the like.
And so your typical web application, of course has a front end and a back end.
The front end makes API calls to the back end by hitting a particular URL, which we call a web endpoint,
hits that URL that calls the backend code.
The backend generates some content, and it returns it to the front end, typically in the form of a
JSON object, and the front end collects that JSON object and uses that to make some changes to the
UI.
There is another way.
The back end is sometimes called, which is that it can be called to to create an entire web page,
to serve up a whole web page to the front end.
So the front end might call my home page.
And when when that that URL is called, the server generates the entire home page front end code and
passes that back to the browser.
So that's a second way that servers back end code is used.
And we'll be doing both of them in our labs.
And now you may be wondering how does Gradio fit into this?
If you've taken my other courses, you'll know that I'm a huge fan of Gradio.
I use it a lot to build quick UIs that look great, uh, in my opinion.
And you might be wondering, okay, so so where does the front end back end of gradio?
Well, here's the answer.
So Gradio is a back end framework, but confusingly, Gradio is able to generate front end code, and
that's kind of kept kept behind the scenes for us.
We write, we describe a UI with Python, and Gradio generates the front end for us when it's serving
up that user interface.
So that's why when you're using Gradio, it's a kind of front end, back end in one, because the back
end code is able to generate the front end code.
We won't be using Gradio in this course because we're doing stuff for reals.
We're going to be building real front ends and back ends.
So I just want to talk about the progression of different technologies that have happened over time.
When it comes when it comes to front end code, the front end landscape, it started off some time ago
that we would all be writing vanilla HTML web pages, and still some people do.
There's something very satisfying about doing this, but this is where you just have basic HTML code
to describe a web page.
You write your own CSS to do the styling, and you have JavaScript.
And typically people use lightweight, low level frameworks, libraries like like jQuery.
That just simplifies some of the stuff that you have to write with JavaScript.
And a lot of what you're doing when you write JavaScript at this level is playing around with something
called the Dom stands for Document Object Model, and this is the kind of JavaScript model that represents
the web page that's being rendered in the browser, so that you can do things like navigate around in
the code to find a button, and then do something like change its color or with JavaScript code so that
that model of what the web page looks like in the browser's screen is known as the Dom.
And next came the JavaScript front end frameworks, an abstraction layer to make it quicker and more
reusable to build sophisticated web pages.
And there's a zoo of these frameworks.
The most popular by far is react that I'm sure you've heard of.
There's also Vue and Angular and Svelte.
And there's a bunch of others, and they're all about building UIs from reusable components that you
can kind of plug and play together so that you can construct quite sophisticated UIs quite quickly.
And most of the time when you're working with a framework like react, you're building what's known
as a single page application spa.
And that's referring to the fact that typically, even though as a user, it feels like you're clicking
around lots of different web pages, the whole of that react application, as it's called, all of the
the content, the front end code behind it is loaded up once when you first hit the first URL, and
then from that point onwards, when you're clicking around the application, you're typically making
a series of API calls to the server, but it's all running effectively the same web page, even though
it appears to redraw itself in different ways and it feels like you're navigating around, it's all
just the same client code that's running there.
The react application.
And so that's that's what Spa means.
And you do hear that a lot.
Now react and the others come in two flavors.
There's a JavaScript flavor a JavaScript variant which which it began with.
And then there's a more modern TypeScript variant which is react using the language TypeScript, the
sister language to JavaScript, which is a strongly typed version of JavaScript.
And if you're not sure what that means, then then ask ChatGPT.
It will explain it brilliantly.
All right.
And the final step in this progression is to explain the application frameworks which which came next
and which are the the most recent part of this story.
And they are things like Next.js, which is what we will be using.
Uh, and this is really because when you're using something like react, react is super flexible and
it's quite bare bones.
It doesn't come with a lot of the stuff, like the code to to handle validations of forms on a web page,
and the code to do things like routing between different sections of your app.
And the assumption is if you're using react, that you pick and choose which framework you want to add
together.
And that's that's really that's great.
It means you can have a lot of flexibility in what kind of app you want to build, but it also means
there's a lot of different options.
And people have built react apps in lots of different ways.
And next is an example of a higher level framework built on top of react that bundles together a bunch
of useful frameworks so that you don't need to make lots of different decisions.
You can just use next and go.
So it has routing and data fetching.
It also has this this idea called server side rendering that we'll talk more about later.
Uh, and and others.
It comes with a bunch of tools built into it.
Uh, and it's very quick to get started.
So that is Next.js.
And that completes the narrative of the kind of three tiers of technology that have formed modern front
end development.