AWS App Runner is closing for new customers. Here’s a simple, cheap AWS option for small AI apps. - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNYbZpLwBj0

Transcript:
(00:00) AWS AppRunner is a much loved service from AWS that is ideal if you've got an AI app and you want to deploy a prototype, a pilot, a demo to a small number of users, you've got it in a container, and you just want to get it out there. And perhaps you've moved beyond the simple past worlds of like Vercel and Fly and Render or Hugging Face Spaces.
(00:22) You want to deploy it somewhere which will be a nice stepping stone to a full AWS server or serverless architecture, but you're not ready for that yet. AppRunner is ideal. And so we're all horrified to hear it's going away. And so this is their announcement. After careful consideration, we decided to close AWS AppRunner for new customers starting April the 30th, which for me is tomorrow.
(00:45) Existing customers can continue to use the service for now. Uh creating new resources, uh AWS continues to invest in security and availability of AppRunner for now, but we don't plan to introduce new features. Read, we found new ways to make more money from you. We recommend that customers explore Amazon Elastic Container Service, known as ECS, and they have a new Express mode, which is what they recommend for migrating from AppRunner.
(01:10) And here's the punchline. ECS Express mode preserves the simplicity of AppRunner whilst providing more access to the broader ECS feature set. In other words, basically a smoother path to upselling you to spend more money. Uh and it gives more details here about what's involved. This is then followed by the migration path for how if you have an existing AppRunner setup, you can move it across to using ECS Express mode.
(01:39) But there's also a separate page that describes how to set up Express mode from scratch. And I'll put a link to both of these pages in the details below. But here's the thing. The Express mode instructions are perfectly easy to follow. It's a bit more laborious than AppRunner. There's a few more hoops to jump through.
(01:57) In particular, there's this business of needing to set up an application load balancer that you need to construct. And this comes at a price, and it's not that cheap. It's turns out to be something like I think it's a minimum of $20 a month-ish right now, and it may be different for your region and different times, but that in practice is usually about $30 a month based on usage.
(02:20) Now, it's something that you can share across many ECS Express mode offerings, which means that in bulk it becomes quite a cheap add-on. But typically, you're using this just for a very small number of these container deployments, maybe just one. In which case, you're suddenly forking out $30 a month for one container that used to be practically free, and that is a pain.
(02:42) So I'm actually not here to talk to you about ECS Express mode. The instructions are here should you wish to follow them, and if you're comfortable spending that extra amount on the application load balancer, or maybe you have many of these containers to deploy. But I would like to tell you about an alternative, an alternative that for some reason I don't think that they mention on any of their sites.
(03:00) Perhaps it's something that that that doesn't fit in with their plan of getting you to spend more, because it's mostly free. So let me tell you about an alternative. But actually, before I show you what I have in mind, I would do want to show you something even simpler that Amazon offers called Lightsail. Lightsail is something you can come into.
(03:19) I'm just gone into services and gone into Lightsail in the AWS console. I can click on containers here and create a container service. And then I can pick a size of box. And then once I've done that, I will set it up. Look, it's free for the first 90 days. And then I can just push with a CLI command for a Docker container directly into this container service.
(03:41) It's super easy. So this is very easy, but the catch is it's basically a platform as a service offering, a PaaS offering. It is their answer to things like Render, Fly, Vercel even, and Hugging Face Spaces perhaps. So it's a very simple approach. It's not really AWS proper, and you're paying some monthly amount.
(04:02) You might as well use those other simpler tools if you're going to do this. So that's why I'm not particularly recommending this as the alternative to ECS Express mode. But if you do want to keep it at a super simple level and you're happy paying this kind of monthly amount and just renting a box and deploying there, then maybe this is the best answer for you.
(04:21) But I have a different alternative for people that do want to use AWS proper, but don't want to sign up for the load balancer and the hassle that comes with ECS Express mode. And that's what we'll do now. The standard use case that's so popular with us AI engineers that AppRunner was ideal for is when you want to deploy a simple demo app, a prototype, a pilot for a limited audience.
(04:46) You just want to get it up there. You want to be on AWS so that if it's popular, you can later turn it into a bigger, maybe a Lambda serverless architecture. You want to get it up there, but you just want to do it quickly and simply. And AppRunner was perfect for that. And it's also it's the the service that I teach on my course in production between building with past things like Vercel and deploying properly to AWS.
(05:09) It's the perfect stepping stone for these kinds of demo pilot projects. And so that is the use case that this alternative is also perfect for. And here it is. The alternative is simple. You can just use Lambda. Lambda, which is AWS's basic, standard serverless architecture, which typically runs a function, a bit of code on demand when you hit it.
(05:33) You can actually have it be based on a container. They rolled out this feature sometime ago now that you can upload a container and have that be the thing that runs instead of a function. And it's basically free uh to a fairly large number of requests. Uh you can use that for free.
(05:51) And so it is perfect for these kinds of demo projects that I used to use AppRunner for. I can just use Lambda with a container. And that's what I'm going to show you right now. And it's actually super similar to using AppRunner. There's just one step that's different. Otherwise, it's the same process. And there is a downside that I'll talk about at the end, but the upside is it's basically free and it's really easy.
(06:15) So I've got a repo here, and we'll step through this together, and we will deploy something to the cloud in a container, and it's going to be super easy. So this repo that you can clone is taken from my course AI Engineering Production Track, and it has the full setup for a health care SaaS app. And if you're on the course, then in the first four days we set it up, we deploy it to Vercel, we add on subscription and user authentication, and now we're ready to put it on AWS.
(06:42) And it used to use AppRunner, and it was perfect for AppRunner. And now we've had to do something different, and ECS Express mode felt like too much, and I don't want you to spend $30 a month, but this new approach is ideal. So please first clone the repo if you want to follow along, or just watch me, or if you're on the course, you're doing it already.
(06:59) And there's some prerequisites, some things that you should have covered by this point. Like you've cloned the repo, you've got an AWS account already with the right permissions, with the CLI installed, you run Docker Desktop, and you've copied the .env.example and .env.local.example and filled in your own keys.
(07:16) And in that case, we're ready to go. And I'm going to follow the three steps under the concise instructions in the readme. And the three steps are create an ECR repository, push a Docker image to ECR, and the third step is to set up Lambda. And we're done. So the first step then, create the ECR repository. I go to the ECR service in Amazon, and then I'm going to press create repository.
(07:42) Uh I had private repository set, so this says create private repository. I'm going to give it a name. There we go. Consultation app is the name, and that is really it. I'm pressing create, and that is step one done already. For step two, I've come into VS Code, into the cloned repo. You can see it here. SaaS is in block caps on the top left.
(08:02) That tells me I'm in the right place. On step two, I've just got a few commands to run. There's some for Mac, and there's some for the PC just below it. I first load in my environment variables so that they're set in this session. Then I'm going to authenticate Docker to ECR so that I'm logged in.
(08:21) Let it do its thing right there. I am then going to build my Docker container based on the code I've got here and the Dockerfile that I've got so that it's built. And you can see here that because I'm on a silicon Mac, I need to make absolutely sure I specify the platform so that it's built for the right kind of system architecture that is running right now.
(08:42) When it's finished, I'm going to tag the image so that it's tagged as consultation app latest, and then I'm finally going to push that to ECR. I will see you in a second when the build is complete. Okay, that's done. I'm now going to tag the image. There we go. It's done. And now I'm going to push that image to ECR like so. And off it goes.
(09:08) It's now been pushed up to Amazon, the AWS Elastic Container Repository, and we will go over there and check it out now. And so that finished, I'm back in AWS. I refresh this screen, and you'll see that Consultation app appeared here as a private repository in Amazon ECR. We have uploaded our repository. Okay. And now we're going to go to Lambda.
(09:31) Search for Lambda, go over to AWS Lambda, the main place to go for serverless architectures, run code without managing servers. It's time for us to create a Lambda function. Here we go. Create a function. Normally, you author from scratch. We're going to pick container image. It's how you create a Lambda function based on a container.
(09:52) It's exactly what we want to do. So we give it a name. Let's call it Consultation app. We're going to want to look for some images. We're going to want to look for an image that we've uploaded to ECR that we can pick and here it is. Consultation app. We check latest, that's what we tagged it as. Select image.
(10:10) That has now selected our Lambda function. Create function and we're off. We've just created a container-based Lambda function, which is exactly what we want. We've only got a little bit more configuration to do and we're done. And here we see the Lambda screen with this green successfully created the function.
(10:30) Okay, we've got a few fields to set in the configuration tab. Click on configuration. Up it comes. We've got a couple of things to tweak here and then we will be live. First up, we go to general configuration. We press edit right here. Uh let's give it some proper memory, not this much. Let's give it 1024 megabytes, a gig of RAM.
(10:49) That you may not need that much, but we'll do that for now. For the timeout, we're going to give it 5 minutes of timeout. You can have up to 15 and that should be plenty for us. So, that seems pretty good and let's save that. Okay, next we go to environment variables and this is where we set any environment variables for our Lambda function.
(11:08) And we just have three for this project. You might have different ones. So, I press edit. I can press add environment variable. I can come in here. I've got three to set. They are described in the readme. I'll let you do them too if you're doing the same project and then I'll see you in a sec.
(11:24) I've added my three secrets including my OpenAI API key and I was careful to make sure I got it exactly right. No stray white space around the place. Everything pasted properly as have you. Okay, there's only one more step to go. Go to function URL and press create function URL. Choose none as the auth type.
(11:47) Then scroll down here, go to additional settings and select response stream because at least this app streams back results to the client. So, we need to have that set and then press save. And guess what? That really is it. You've got a function URL that displayed right here. You can click on that and up comes a new screen and drum roll.
(12:07) We'll see what happens. It does take some time to spin up the first time, to spin up from from cold as as you are probably familiar with from Lambda, but there it is. It's up and there are ways there are some settings you can do on that previous screen to keep one warm and so on, but then you then you do pay. Whereas this is basically free up to a pretty high usage bar. So, here we are.
(12:28) We are in my SaaS app that I cover on the production course and we can quickly give it a whirl and make sure it's working. So, I press sign in. I'm coming in using our clerk authentication and I've already used this account to sign up for a subscription tier of this product. So, in we come. We can go to the app and here is the very basic simple AI demo app that I built in this repo that you can expand to be anything you want.
(12:55) But the idea here is that you can put in some notes that a doctor takes during a consultation and it will write up a quick professional summary and a follow-up email to the patient. And so, here we go. Ed Donahue is the patient name. Consultation notes complained of a headache because AWS App Runner is going away. Prescribed Tylenol and Lambda plus container image.
(13:26) >> [laughter] >> Let's see That's see what it makes of that. This is now going off to OpenAI to GPT-5 point something, which is then going to do some reasoning and then it will stream back results. This is all running in our container that we deployed onto Lambda in the cloud and with any luck it's just going to work first time after GPT-5 has done a fair amount of reasoning about what on earth I'm going on about. Here we go.
(13:53) Here are the results streaming back. Uh the chart also referenced That's silly. Uh okay and then hi Ed is the note that's written by the doctor. Uh and uh the uh yes, it's the the apparently the note about Lambda and container image isn't a medical treatment. Oh, well, there's a shocker. Okay, so it works.
(14:15) Our software got deployed. It's running in a container on Lambda and it's even able to stream back results. We have an AI demo app deployed and it's extremely easy. And so, to summarize, I would argue that when it comes to simple AI demos and pilots where you used to use App Runner for convenience, this presents a very simple alternative that I think is easier.
(14:41) It's certainly cheaper than using the ECS Express mode that AWS recommends. And so, I would suggest that you consider this. Of course, there's a downside. Uh one of the downsides is the way that there's a warm-up period. Although as I say, there is a way to work around that, but then you're paying a little bit. The major downside probably is about concurrent requests that if multiple people hit this app at the same time, it will actually spin up separate containers for each one of those requests and that's not a great use of resources if what you're doing is
(15:12) is basically waiting on IO from an LLM. So, it's not very efficient from a resource perspective. That means you might start to get more of these cold starts, these 15-second delays if lots of people use your app. And also that at some point you do start to pay more if lots and lots of people if it if it goes and scales to prime time, if it goes viral.
(15:34) In that case, I would recommend a different architecture like the architectures that we cover on the remaining weeks of my AI in production course. But for this kind of simple deployment for a pilot with a small number of users that you want to be able to do quickly and cheaply, I think that Lambda with a container image is the best option. Okay, thank you for staying till the very end.
(15:56) Let me know your thoughts or if you have an alternative suggestion in the comments and I'll see you soon for another video.